stop listening to his songs all day he's just a singer! the singer:
when someone tries to rape you but you rape him instead improvise. adapt. overcome
Most of the boys WEAKNESSES
YE TOH KUCH JYADA HI SERVICE DEDI HAND JOB SALOON IG - GHANTAA
I never stalk my ex profile but when I do I do it all the time
Meme share karta hai Nahi Fir tujhe is duniya me rahne ka koi haq nahi
lucifer is hot! let's kill all non-catholics antichrist sun worship
when someone take meme seriously and start giving gyan in comment box *ME Bhaiya isko paani de do yaar..
when you catch your goat with another man
DESI ADULTS TROLLS This is how single take selfies
Babu Apne bache ka naam kya rakha jyga Babu tum phle class 8th ka exam dedo fir dekhte h
GYM KI FEES DEDI HAI MOTIVATION BHAGWAN DEGA  BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
when sulmon bhoi says Teri bggi mera ghoda jo na nache wo...Aarey bsdk ab to bhag bi nahi sakte
*Somebody walks  in the kitchen to drink water at 3:30am * Me :
wedding albums nowadays 10 yrs ago
live every day like you're 2001 nicole kidman leaving her lawyer's office after divorcing tom cruise
whats a bad time to dress up as a bat
When you want to choose career options based on your skills and experience
when you're about to play with yourself but you can't stop thinking about that gorilla dream from last night
Chehre pe hasi aur aankhon me Gum hai, kya Aapko bhi lagta hai 2GB din ke liye kam hai?
sala apun soch rha tha ki sabse bda pagl apun hi hai
When Feminist get To Know 'Practise Makes A Man Perfect' Not Woman
Mere ko like karte ho??nhi to tab mera peecha kyu kar rhe the   tera hotspot on hai…
kohli calculating the required rate while chasing
I listen to the whole "Kun faya kun"  just for the "sajra savera" part.
Ones a legend said: samandar ke kinare aabadi nahi hoti..jisse pyaar ho jaye.usse shaadi nahi hoti. Tumhara Bapu
Interviewer-What's Your special talent? ME-
Me trying to have sex with my Gf as quiet as possible Gf:
when you start spending time with ravi shastri!
toppers to the backbenchers  Jahan tumhare syllabus poore hote hain wahan se hamare revision shuru hote hain
texts polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye texts polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
Ayodhya gang-rape survivor,who went to complain,allegedly beaten up by constables 3 awaard ayodhya g hold up
Teachers : How do I turn up th volume> Me: Press Alt+F4 *Teacher gets disconnected* Teacher The smart kis who just wanted to learn My friends The rest of the class Me
Veteran Actor Rishi Kapoor has passed away in Mumbai. This can't be true. Yesterday Irfan Khan and now Rishi Kapoor. What's happening to this world?
When you ask her what's wrong and she says "Nothing", but then she spends rest of the day looking at you like..
It is only a short trip, enjoy it!
having the right woman in your life is like printing your own money
when they say "no pain no gain"but gained 12kg without any pain during lockdown
Me: Yes, in 2020 we suffered a global chrisis. Grandkids : did you help? Me: indeed.I made jokes abou it on the internet.
Teacher:Board kon saaf karega?First Beanchers nibbas* Mai…merko sab ata hai.. Mai expert hu
lock her up and throw away the key
when you introduce someone to a new meme you like that?
THIS GUY NEARLY COLLAPSED THE WHOLE PLANET
when she is not your GF Obviously ab bhi nahi hai
When your sister eats all your dairy milk&gives you a eclairs *She hun toh rakshas kul ki, par rakshason mein bhi bhavna hoti hai
mr. wilson you have to take your pill with water you can't crush it up and snort it off my tits
I'M hot I'M people's favorite I'm a lucky star I'm cute I'm a package of all
tie me to bed and do whatever you want
When some random people are fighting and abusing each other. Me in front of dad: Gunda Boys! Bad elements Of society
Maine aapko meme de diya hai
&-Years-Old Mizoram Boy Breks His Piggy Bank of 333 To Donate To Donate To PM-Cares Fund Amid Lockdown BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT HEROS DO!
MAZZA AA GAYA AAJ TO
"Kohli nai hota tujse chase!" Kohli be like* Haa BC...18 centuries tere baap ne banai haina chasing karte waqt
gabbbar GabbbarSingh Every IPL has a few such players who came from nowhere to the Top.Chetan sakaria.what a story.Nagpuri_santra santra_nagpuri sad because brother missed final goodbyes,nobody gets to make that call,parents did wrong pragya sharma kudi_ik exactly!Nagpuri_santra santra_nagpuri I love you
Dad:why did the sperm cross the road?everyone:why?dad:because i put on the wrong socks this morning.
Teacher : Why are you late? Me : Traffic Teacher : But it's an online class f#ck
niche paan ki dukaan spoorthy beeda stall
should we bow?-Yeah ,he's a king.
me giving nicknames to men who have wasted my time: we will call you, "almost."
Han Bhaiya Ek virgin mohit dena
Bc ye ganja karde toh Bhi Chalega
Dad accused of leaving 5 kids all under age 8 home alone so he could go to work….abc13.co/2fNv1sD…*man wih a wife who has cancer and 5 kids leaves children with a babysitterwho abandons thwm while he work hard to support them.
jab tumhe hi sare match jeetne they toh hamari team ko australia bulaya hi kyu chadarmod
Ghar walon ne socha tha ladka 25 ka hoga toh paise kamayega,shaadi karega ghar basayega aur ladkaBHSDIKA fidget spinner se khel raha h BC
*respecting children's privacy* indian parents: we don’t do that here
Isko to brazzers pe dekha hai mene
dhinchakpooja_official Let's collaborate!im an Indian rapper #dhichakpooja Thodi Sharam karlo Bhen!
waise toh bada sakht launda hoon par yaha main pighal gaya
Start every phone call with "my phone is about to die",that way you can hang up on them when you're bored.
Kitna Paarivarik Mahaul Hai...
Things that students love to eat!
when your wife start loosing an argument,she be like
 our reaction to the second wave of the pandemic... that's also my reaction every time you spell my name wrong
Raveena tandan is approaching with her new upcoming series with fresh content and her fresh looks.#legacywebseries This talent powerhouse is all set for an epic rivalry
When you accidentally wake up early and see your whole family hqaving breakfast Yeh kaun si meeting hai jaha mujhe nahi bulate
"i yelled catch ! i swear i thought she was ready "
let us all appreciate the beauty of the "Moon"
when the entire squad gets injured and still nobody is talking about you.
i called my boy whatchoo goin do bout that spray bottle now
great at making martinis terrible at stealing tambourines
"america has stolen the jews the jews of god his jewelry the negroes they are the true hebrews" google it
*people protesting* govt. to the internet: Samay aa gaya hai aapse vida lene ka
be it 10 minutes or 10 hours i love talking to you
only you can make me smile, after having a bad day.
sirAKASHtic Dev_akash_ cop:sarso ke tel hai? Shop owner:haan cop:lga ke bahar aa ja..!!
the vessel is now on the move and traffic has finnaly resumed at suez canal
Me planning my B'DAY party
She* Baby suck my B**bs He* Nahi Baby, Main Sirf Amul Ka Doodh Pita Hu
Be with someone who've seen all your imperfection and bad sides,but still choosing you
mother father mother father mother father
This is Happiness
Priyanka in saree with navel show Best combination ever
when they laugh at your 9cm but you haven't even reached puberty yet
even i can see you're a cunt
When you opt for Bsc after two years of JEE/NEET coaching Main pitaji ki nazron mein waise hi gira hua hoon. Thoda sa aur gir jaaoonga.
Dr.Batra's hair transplant Over 60 lakh hair successful transplanted BEFORE AFTER
Tune Meri Gf ko Chheda Maaf kr de bhai Gf Power
This is the best way to use wasted tyres Hats off the person who implemented this great idea
took one pani - puri from her plate she:
happy birthday ya lil goat fucker
A JUICE COMPANY DUMPED 12000 TONS OF ORANGE PEELS ON A LIFELESS SIOL AND 16 YEARS LATER IT TURNS INTO A LUSH FOREST BEFORE DURING AFTER
chacha garam dharam bhai sunny doal we should've seen this coming
Please don't tag someone
for Raees For upper middle class *for lower middle class like me* 1.nahana 2.powder 3.fan
You know why his shirt is so wrinkly?
When you are watching Mirzapur with your friends but your name is Lalit
3 PLACES WHERE HUMAN NEVER DIE HELL HEAVEN STARPLUS
Nevere control a man. His actions will show you how much he respects you.
#Khelakya?PLAYERZPOT Pe khela kya?apun ko bhi ab PLAYERZPOT Par khelne ka hai
mentally we're here SCOOPWHOOP.com
 @mainaasami Corona my career Me watching selfies
Let's get drunk and tell each other how we really feel
i'm so old i remember telling people to eat my ass as an insult not a snack offer
pari match win big with parimatch use skills predict win big benefits upto 12000 cashback upto 7000 claim benefits sign up or sign in dale steyn official ambassador of parimatch terms & condition HDFC BANK SBI ICICI Bank VISA UPI
me throughout the year me during diwali SCOOPWHOOP.com
Me to Zack Synder after watching Synder cut aisa koi doosra rapchik maal hai kya? JUST FEW THINGS @Princerajput
what did you do during the coronavirus dad?i stayed at home and made memes to spread awareness about coronavirus Fucking LEGEND
Anupama Parameswaran's mother denies reports of daughter marrying Jasprit Bumrah!she said they are only good friends ,scam -2021
mom-chal ab padhai karle bohot use karliya phone..me-a single sheet of paper can't decide my future!me after few mins-
*6 y/o Kids idhar do phad ke deta hu…!
I sit by myself talking to the moon trying to get to you in hopes youre on the other side talking to me too or am i a fool who sits alone talking to the moon.
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny, last unit toh chootega hi SCOOPWHOOP.com
If 'Tera bhi katega bahen!"had a face...
"Only legends remember this place"
Barber working on sideburns
Admit it we all had crush on Neighborhood Bhabhi one's in our lifetime NAUGHTIEST TROLLS
Happy Teddy Bear Day!
- chilling with the same person they talk shit about boys:- gaddar se dosti nahi
my parents lived better with a high school diploma than i do with a 4 year degree of the 3 million available jobs today, less than 20% require a 4 year degree "we are lending money we don't have to kids who can't pay it back to train them for jobs that no longer exist. that's nuts -mike rowe
Reception me chips kaun gift krta hai Bhai
Bina Awaz ke rona rone se bhi zyada dard deta hai…
go ahead call the cops they can't unrape you
me listening to my fav person's voice notes
me waiting to eat until i find the perfect show on netflix
Alia T-alia D-alia Nah-alia
why did you stop loving me? because you never started.
Why You watching thi again and again. It's just a movie The Movie: GANGS of 
me:nice heels she:utaru kya me:nice dress she:me:ab bol ab bol na madarchod
Yoga~Source of health
The guy who played the role of garuda in KGF is yash's personal bodyguard a bodyguard's acting is much better than this strugglers
coinDCX is giving bitcoin of worth 100Rs to it's every new user!! 100 rupay ke bitcoin dega!
Babu bhaiya woh beardo ke sabhi products pe 50-70% off mil raha hai pehle kyun nahi bataya,link kahan hai?Link bio mein hai!
32 DEC 2019 South Sudan has refused to enter 2020 South Sudan now: They called me a madman
THANK YOU MICRISAFT & GOOGLE Satya Nadella Iam heartbroken by the current situation in India. I'm grateful in U.S government is mobilizing to help . Microsoft will continue to use its voice, resources, and technomlogy to aid relief efforts, and support the purchase of critical oxygen concentration devices.  Sundar Pichai Devastated to see the worsening Covid crisis in India. Google &Googlers are providing Rd 135 Crore in funding for medical supplies, orgs supporting high-risk communities, and grants to help spread critical information.
Me: Goodnight, Take care, Sweet dreams She: gn, Tc, Sd Me: Saala merko itna chota diya
wearing an all black outfit is the new grey
Resisting a seductive negihborhood Bhabhi Like her in next to impossible
The face of jealousy
When The Restaurant is Small But owner is creative
rahul das pic 1:me when my friend wishes me on my birthday pic 2:when friend asks for party bohot bohot dhanyawaad ab tum jaa sakte ho
TOP POSTS Chettinad palace your attitude may hurt me,but mine can even kill you #follow#f4f#followme#TFLers#followforfollow#follow4follow#teamfollowback#followher#followbackteam#followhim#followhim#followall#followalways#followback#me#pleasefollow#follows
Pankaj tripathi's expression of saying yes just with a little head-shake and eye-blink is better than the entire career of varun dhavan Just Indian Things
47 rupee huye ye lo 50 rupee 3 ka kya de du?sikaa do BC..Toffie ka sochna bhi mat
the toilet my pee in the morning my dick
the photos barber has on the wall when he cuts your hair
I will not pay the bill. Why not? You ordered 42 coffe. I said tea, 2 coffee.
first they legalised gay sex &extramarital affair now they banned porn for jio users G@nd maarna:Legal Dusro ki Biwi ki lena:legal Khud ke haath se mutthi marna:illegal
neha typing suno!5 ko 9 min hai tumhare pas,andhera rahega chale aana mere ghar uppar uppar se kar lenge haan baby maza aayega
Admit it women look more sexy When they are angry
educated people are hot. why? beceause they have more degrees.
That smile
Din toh acha hai, dil mein hai khushi, Ronny Bhaiya election jeete toh khilaunga sabko sushi!H AQ SE TOARE SHARE KARO RONNY BHAIYA KE LIYE!
quarantine is fun you just need one girlfriend like her who video calls you daily
tum sab IPL mein busy raho waha zimbabwe ne pakistan ko hara dia
today's match-KKR vs MI.They have played 27 matches against each other MI has won 21 matches while KKR has won only 6 matches Who do you think will won today?
i grew up without sharing my problems to my parents
Me texting back and ghosting everyone again.
*Summer exists*
hey devi ye koun sa vastra hai?
*customer Ye h tumhara 20% extra
Current situation of #Arnab Goswami:Ae!Bharat sarkar...izzat se ha..
सुनो द्रौपदी शस्त्र उठालो, अब गोविन्द न आएंगे.... कब तक आस लगाओगी तुम, बीके हुए अखबारों से, कैसी रक्षा मांग रही हो दुसासन के दरबारों से  
Hum Jeet Gaye!!!
What a way to start your International cricket career COURTSEY :ICC
when you take this girl on a date and she won't stop talking.
"Me being sad about my stomach" Then 5 minutes later:
oh i pissed you off? suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what i do
Meanwhile in Kanpur @ultimategandu
Ek Aunty thi deewani si.. Rasode mein kon tha.. bas yahi pucha karti thi..
Jo Bollywood Teri Mitti song ko nahi balki Apna Time Aayega jaise behude song ko award deta ho Kaise maan lu ki wo Sushant Singh Rajput ke sath insaaf karta hoga.
"next match se Andres Russell ko ek tappa out rakho warna hum nahi khelenge"-Virat Kohli #RCBvsKKR
My papa is new car... IS HER FATHER IS A TRANSFORMER?
When you lightly touch your younger brother Jaldi se uth ja bhai Nahi toh dad mujhe bohot marenge
i will never be assassinated because all the crazy white trash people with guns are my biggest fans!
500$new note
Harry Rawat just now *mobile data *Instagram reels
IG - GHANTAA  EAT THIS OR KISS THE 3RD PERSON IN YOUR DM LIST
next match main Ye ayi toh hum nahi khelenge..
jab ap guthka thukne se pehle apna mask hatana bhul jaye
Aaditya Thackeray and Disha Patani spotted in Bandra together
Yuvraj 49(20) 1 6 245 not out Sher ki umar jyada hai lekin Budha nhi hua hai abhi tak
When you send her " I love you" and she reply with "LY2" You : Sala mereko itna chota diya?
The struggle lies not in lifting the weight But in getting the damn clip off
you talk like a fag and your shit's all retarded
me:tell.an answer to my friend even though teacher is watching me Friend:tal saale galat answer batayega me:Mat Maan Maa Chuda
Time pass? Nahi Saacha pyar aur shaddi karna hai to bolo
90's kids after seeing this:
When you she says good night at 10pm but you see her online at 2 am. Dhoka hua hain Bhench*d
Mom:aise to hamara beta hoshiyar hai bas padhai me dimaag nahi lagata Le Beta:
Crush :- Typing… Crush:- B ko vote krna Mera BF h
when people are still talking about epstein's pedo ring after 3 mass shootings in a week you're going to need a bigger
i care so much about your happiness because when you're happy,I'm happy too..
Marlboro Government Warnig Smoking skills  THEFAUXY.COM  'Marlboro?' autocorrected to 'Maal Bro?' Deepika Padukone tells Narcotics Bureau | the fauxy  NCB Chutiya likha hai kya idhar
full ramayan in one frame 
Today 6:52 PM baby pta h Aaj Kya Hoa Double tap to like kya hoa Golgappe wale ne mujhe Ek golgappa extra dia Send
america first rag heads fuck you people trump 2020 you are the enemy of the people
hope you had fun investigating me now it's my turn
skinny kids know the struggle
when i see my girlfriend at any time of the day doing anything at all you're breathtaking
Get a wife who can do both
GAP REAL MIRROR 2-WAY MIRROR FOR ALL WOMEN'S Be carefull in changing rooms, hotels, malls and shopping stores.
when did people use word 'dad'  1500s "Dad" was first recorded in English sometime in 1500s, but its ancestry isn't clear. Even the Oxford  PEOPLE IN 1499 MOTHERFUCKER
TF is she lookin at?
if India is my country and all Indians are my brothers and sisters 9 Y/O Me then whom i will marry?
Sundar pichai  visits india Google Paise laaya?
Cameraman Never Disappoints /TheDearCrush
in search of gold we lost a daimond
*meeting someone* Guy:Meet this guy,he's Ashwin Me:*5 mins later* What's your name bro?Ashwin:Ashwin Me:*10 mins later* You know Avinash,when I was...Ashwin:My name is Ashwin bro Me:Oh yeah Ashwin Me:*15 mins later* You wanna have anything Ashish?
save water bath together
aapki ek galti hume phirse 1500/-ki bottle 3000/- ,mein lene par majboor kar degi isiliye mask pehnein aur do gaz ki doori banaye rakhein
A REAL MAN knows when to take his chance
MONA realmona_ mentally i'm here.
**Quarantine exists** my mom-mera pyaara beta kidhr hain?*ME ab kya saaf krwayngi bottles to bhar di thi ek aur kaam
Me after using covid-19 in a sentence instead of coronavirus
I prefer the real infinity I said, the real infinity Perfection
Me opening the oven after reheating my rajma 
me going to ask my chrush out every compliment my grandma ever gave me
What a beautiful view DESI ADULT TROLLS
When the match is in crucial state Subject pressure mehsoos nahi kar sakta
after drinking two glasses of Kent RO water.ANI Aaj Tractor tumhari behen chalayegi
Interviewer:what do you check before signing a film?Is it the Script ,Starcast,Money or Co-actors?Emraan Hashmi:
burning things that don't mean anything to you
*Virat Kohli comes out to bat* *Virat Kohli out on 5*
A picture of me laughing at my own answers in exam hall.
Doctor (Reading Report): "You are Corona Positive" Me: A single sheet of Paper Can't Decide my Future. *Me *Doctor
When your GirlFriend getting Ready To Hangout With Her Male Best Friend Instead Of Hanging Put with upi *Boyfriend: shishe k saamen sajti thi who uss bhikari ke liye
"Covid will be over in 21 days" Time Traveller:
Bf asked for Dude she deny,bestfriend asked for nudes,she send in different poses.Arogya setu Employee Ae Madam Ye kya Chodd Failayela hai idhar
did a lot of medical research didn't hurt any animals
me you all
Chakka Chakka Lite
नवदम्पत्ति को आशीर्वाद देते राष्ट्रिय कैसेनोवा शशि जी
people in huge number gathered at marine lines for a morning walk corona: tum jaise chutiyo ka sahara hai dosto
How it started how it's going
Ayush Bansal @SarcAyushtic * Free trial gets over* Netflix:  Malik, Aaage ka kya soch hai?
Dammn such a beauty she is DESI ADULT TROLLS
AGAR DOST KE GHAR JAANE PAR USKI BIWI APNA DUPATAA THEEK KARLE TOH SAMAJH JAO GHAR ME AAPKE BADE ME BAAT HOTI HAIN BC!  FB/RealBcBilli
People with Birthdays in April,May, june & July
me trying to finish 5 units in 5 hours SCOOPWHOOP.com
INKO PATA KUCH NAHI PADTA FIR BHI HAATH MAARKE BOLTE HAI- "YE WALA DEDO"
Get a gf who can do both DESI ADULTS TROLLS
"Felt cute, might delete later"
Ye Wahi dangal wali he na??
share with your friends
When your best friends take off her push-up bra Nimbuda nimbuda
Having A girl with good sarcasm is blessing until she starts roasting you..
you are my first and last wish
How to make a girl happy with just two things Cadbury Dairy Milk Silk FRUIT &NUT NEW Whisper 100
time for liberals.. ...to start crying again
in future*. my grandson explaining me how he got 1 months extra holiday me who was a 2020-21 batch* @ chotukumaryadav
*Every indian mom be like* Ek diin, bs ek din ke liye ghar ka kaam krke dekho
Bollywood actors be like " i follow a healthy diet" their diet:
if you believe that, i've got a virgin goat to sell you!
Bc ye Kodak wale bra Kabhi se manufacture karne lage
when a parent tells me that their kid is an angel [whispering] so was lucifer
why do white people smell like bologna?
me when queueing up for prasad after keertan and panditji ignores my outstretched palm
Double Tap if you are single and happy
If you know you know.
study:second round of COVID will come in winters Everyone:kyu peeche pade ho yaar?
*Delhi Police Just gonna stand there and watch you burn... SCOOPWHOOP.com
Damnit!"she has her head turned,can't see her eyes. "Said no man ever
2 of the luckiest boys of 2020
Me and my friends after 10 years Becoming driver's successfully
everyone is a gansta, until the real gangsta arrives
The pain is real
oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
don't like me? i don't i care, it's still a beautiful day in my neighborhood
its not stupid if it works
itna caring bhi nahi hona tha..
Robert Downey jr..You Known who I am …..Manjul Khattar…You known who I am….*RDJ..Behenchod…Aukaat hai teri?
Modern days housewife knows how to wear sedictive saree
all women should be believed until one of those bitches accuses a democrat
Arwin R Marak My head is on Profile picture
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU SAW AN ASS SO PERFECT, YOU HADE TO MAKE A NOTE OF IT TOPPHYSIQUES.COM
people mispronoucing common english words grammar nerds-Zinda Pakadna Hai B*sdiwalon Ko
mujhe pata nahi kahan jaana hai,bas jaana hai
gaadi mein jagah nahi hai tujhe nahi le ja sakte.Me:-
the only place my friends use maths:
childhood memories i am this year old
This is me every morning going to hunt memes for you ungrateful creatures
clothes i have washed clothes i have SCOOPWHOOP.com
teacher *I hope you guys have understood todays topic * Me:
what does your wife and a hand grenade have in common text the ring and your house is gone
talented actors the isliye jaane diya star-kids hote toh meri movie mein hote.
he-batao duniya me kitne desh hai?she-195 maybe he-Duniya main ek hi desh hai India baki saab videsh hai
Petrol Price Reached Rs 100 Per litre. Chapris Who Own KTM -
DID YOU KNOW? Zeera water promotes weight loss Lemon water gives Glowing skin Turmeric water boosts your immunity FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL
When you smoke weed for the first time
principal: chalo bachho koi poem sunao!! Me:mota mrta moti pe, bhukha mrta roti pe master ji ki 3 betiya main mrta sabse choti pe principal master ji choti beti me
ADDING MEDIEVAL WEAPONS TO DOGS PLAYING ON BEACH NEEDS TO BECOME A THING
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light. - Albus Damodardas Modi
2020 OBJECTS IN MIRROR ARE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR SCOOPWHOOP.com
i have no idea what i'm doing with my life
*Modiji* *China* *Covid-19* Rula diya na bechaari ko
Whats do you mean by Ground Work? Kahi Gyaan Chidna hai toh btaa
friend:bhai ab whatsapp par chats leak nahi hogi. Me:pehi baat to main kisi ke sath chat karta nahi
B$dka bina mask ke ghum raha tha
Teams P W L NR Pts NRR RCB 4 4 0 0 8 +1.009 CSK 4 3 1 0 6 +1.142 CSK RCB
aalu se shona kaise banaoge?matlab aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but sochenge..
Me in front of Mirror * Arrange Marraige bhi mushkil hai
when your girl is giving you a handjob under the table
WO BANDA SBSE BADA VELLA HAI.........JISE APNA JIO NUMBER YAAD HO BC FB/RealBcBilli
exami get cancel coz of corona virus toppers me who not have buyed books yet
when you want to keep your husband and inlaws happy at the same time
Lock down extend karo na Modiji Kar dunga chhotu Na ipl hoga na hi hmm harenge
yes sir..! that's a cock
Did you know ?Johnny sins wife Kissa sins was the only woman who never doubted her husband.
Thodi der savdhaan india dekh lo toh Sab Pe shaq hone lagta hai BC
Other People* *Me Happiness*
after 3 million years of evolution we still love to relax
is modiji is modiji married is modiji coming live today is modiji twitter account hacked is modiji left handed is modiji vegetarian is modiji coming today is modiji chairman of who is modiji education modiji is bigg boss Jo Ukhadna hai woh ukhad lo..Maine kisike baap nahi darta
Teacher :- Taj Mahal Kisne Banaaya hai?? Me:- Kyun, Sahi nahin banaya kya? Whole Class : teacher:
When they don't let you use water on Holi or burst crackers on Diwali so you just interchange them and laugh at the government yeah,this is big brain time.
1. Eats 2. Sleeps 3. Respects everyone 4. Even after knowing he would die went on battlefield for his brother If somebody calls you Kumbhkaran take it with respect
@trilochann45  Me- *pull off pants after peeing* The last drop of Urine: Raju Bhaaaiii.....me aaa gaya!
Gareebon ka Beauty Parlour
what boys want explained in single pic
3 tournament lage mreko trophy jeetne k liye aur inse 13 saal se nahi ho pa rha
Girls meet their boyfriends after lockdown Terko jo karne ka hai tu kar
coming soon subin santhosh waiting form kerala frazix ab btauga apni gf ko ki ignore kese krte h
Nothing can express the love of a father for his children.
relationship m aane ki khushi m mujhe party dete due mera dost...fake id se dost ko chutiya bana ke..party leta hua main...
Tera beta kya karta hai Mera beta American flag or Indian flag wale retard memes bnata hai
i don't know who gave my child a whistle but i will find you and i will kill you
i'd like the porn in my room to be disabled we only have regular porn you sick bastard
" Mere Jaise Lakho Mile Honge Tujko Piya ,  Mujhe To Mila Tu hi" These lines Hits me Hard
honey moon 1 year later..
When you know this is your last chance to have fun!
"Manthra suggesting vanvaas for shri ram* *me and the boys watching helplessly*
Fantasy of guys while travelling in a crowded bus
after 1 week in relationship*main madarchod hoon jo isme aaya
Munna bhaiya.Munna bhaiya lite.
choudhary ka ladka aaj biscuit dal k nahi gaya Mar to nahi gya bsdkaaa
When my bestfriend refused to show his answer sheet in exam …गद्दार 
TIGER ZINDA HAI BLACKDEER @BLACKDEER Par mai to mar gaya na bhosdi ke
BABA DA DHABA stonks
EK to chori upar se cena johri
Daa Funk updated his cover photo After a heavy workout session bade harami ho bete
*any disease enters in my body*the chawanprash i ate 2 years ago:madarchod ka baccha andar kaise aaya ruk
Teacher : Boys and Girls don't sit together , sit separately and silently Backbenchers:
be with someone who says "babe,let's fix this,I can't lose you."
NETFLIX AND NAASTE
did you know you are supposed to pull anal beads out slowly? i didn't... i started the wife up like a fucking chainsaw
Never tuck your shirt in again
Me to my Mom these days Oh madam ji mai tera BAI nahi hai
In Pics: Trump Supporters Storms US Capitol Hill Haryana: Police Dig Trenches To Block Protesting Farmers From Marching Towards Delhi
Me in serious situations
On mario super smash bros today.desi prince of pesia who has not showered for days with a talwar vs delhi police officer with a long dildo
Deleted scene from the Fast & Furious
when hoes backwash their drink
pata hain hum match kaha here? kahaan? ahmedabad me
Rahul @MemewalaCA Friend:Tujhe to tere crush ne Reject kar diya fir bhi tune Sad status kyunahi daala Me: That's not my style
others are the ones who taught us everything
If you ain't rockin with your tongue out,you ain't having fun Kis chiz ka attatuide ha Ye to gnd mrwane wla pose h degi ky
*respecting children's privacy* indian parents:we don't do that here
She's more consistent than the entire batting unit Of Pakistan
When you accidently type"amd" instead of "and" Maybe I am cheems
I'M the best I'M the best Desi Trolls Main kuch bolu kya BC? Arey sot king ji aap hi best ho
Fake camera,genuine smiless usally it is the oppositr
maloom parta hae sattaavan (57)saal ka hai?
relative:tu college mei h na? me:haan relative;teri height se lagta hi nahi h tu college mei...
life me 1 partner hona bhot zaroori h warna dil ki baat,status me likhni padti hai BC
if you think driving alone with a mask is dumb i raise you this.
*The tag of my shirt touching my neck*My Brain:
Saste nashe ka asar ek gold medal bacha hoto is bhai ko bhi do
One Of The Best Actress From South India, Who Earned A lot Of fans And Awards ! Beauty With talent , Happy Birthday Samantha Akkineni
no one umpires on 9th april mujhe jald hi bohat saare paise milne waale hain  #MIVsRCB
Towards the end of the song "Azeemoshaan Shahenshah",there is a line which goes "Yahaan bhi wahaan bhi hai teri dhoom".Think closely,and you will realize that the song is actually talking about multiverse.
Ex 9:00 PM Hy Hii Pehchana.. ?? Hain Btao kon hoon.??? Madharchod 
property ke hissedar badthe hi jarahe yarr yea papa ka kuch karna padega
if your girl doesn't have game on her phone guess with whom she is playing
no one will forget to flush now
you mean i don't have to pick it and i can eat it?!
how long do spiders live…Goliath birdeater 15-25 years ….tom holland age 24 years
Boards OBJECTS IN MIRROR ARE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR SCOOPWHOOP.com
Normal people: Me:
it's too late now....
Girls after losing 100 Rupees Boys after donating 1500 crore
how you guys think you looks like but when pados wale pandit jee sees you taba renso
no i'm not going to kill the gays, make slavery legal, and take away women's rights i'm not a muslim
Beggars(1997) Do Rupay de do mata ji ..! Beggars(2017) Thoda hotspot on karde!
when you step on a lego on your front porch
Saree is better than any other attire for sed*cing.. Do you Agree…...?
When your friend suddenly start behaving like a chutiya AURAT KA CHAKKAR BABU BHAIYA AURAT KA CHAKKAR
when mom beats and says agar roya toh aur marungi
me watching sandeep maheshwari's videos after mast bation
same feeling?
*during sex* *pati* darling ladka nikalu ya ladki?*wife* dard se meri g**nd fati ja rhi hai, phle jo dala hai wo bahar nikal
last benchers after having a bite from theire tiffins during the class
BENEFITS OF CYCLING Helps in improving heart rate You will get abs  Your wasteline will look amazing Your body will perfectly fit Shape You fill relaxed and stress free
Yoga mats were invented in the 90s People before the 90s: SCOOPWHOOP.com
Wife beating husband for not buying groceries! Police beating husband for coming out:Le *husband Hum koi madir ka ghanta hai ki koi bhi aake baja jaata hai
EDUCATED UNEDUCATED
Narendra Modi stadium India vs England ,March 2020
Moms and Daughters Father and sons
Normal girls Going To Party Starplus Bahus Going To Bed
not sure if you're being funny or stupid
listen bitch, before you start fucking with me you should know my team is bigger
Imagine Her As Your Roommate
coming home wasted at 6am and seeing people jogging look at these assholes
HEADACHE REMEDY TRY THIS NOT THIS Eat 10-12 almond, equivalent of two aspirin, next time you have headache! FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL
i will not let america turn into another nation of islam !!!!!!
dishpatani yuvraj____ Kal paper hai plz padhne do
Well played! Office depot invisible tape Ruban invisible 
Aditya waze deshmukh SP UT Parmaveer ka love letter
the colleague they hate the colleague i hate me HR SCOOPWHOOP.com
Undertaker entry theme plays by mistake Wrestler in Rings for Few sec:- Gand fatt gayi madarchod 
Mom:Sofa Letne ke liye nahi hota baithne ke liye hota hai.Me:Haan toh chappal bhi maarne ke liye nahi pehen ne ke liye hoti hai..!!Directed by ROBERT B.WEIDE
Gender Equality
the pope says trump is not a christian because christians dont build walls vatican walls are 40 feet high
Students Delhi police SCOOPWHOOP.com
just another day in Florida OC  Fed courthou Lake eola park Thornton park
Emma watson Quits acting to focus on relationship with her finance!
nothing is stronger than mother's love
Third paytm TEST FROM NARENDRA MODI STADIUM, AHNEDABAD
yall got any more a them cracka ass crackas?
democrat jan schakowsky defends ilhan omar: 'she comes from a different culture' where they want to kill all the jews
hello,main kavita bol rahi hu Haan bolo main taali baja raha hu
 @RomanaRaza Kaun si vaccine lagwaoge? Public: Dedo abhi koi bhi
"we should make it harder for criminals to get guns..." "...if even to prevent one tragedy" but let's not make it harder for perverts to use the ladies room... ...if even to prevent rape? one
Family: *Insults my weight* Family: *Insults my friends* Family: *Insults my interests* Family: * You're being so rude, why aren't you spending time with us?"
Pranav Sapra @pranabsapra Parents sending me out to get groceries 
kuchh aap le,kuchh aap de
Modiji:god please give me some meaning of life or atleast hint of your existence God:
Yeh konsi lipi hai?
when i get to know about batting bowling fantasy in BalleBaazi App #CricketMachao yeh dono alag-alag khel sakte hai kya?
Friends reunion should be like this
what if we use 100% of our brain?
12 year old me being ready the night before the School trip
extroverts after a month of lockdown tu to hasna bhool gaya mere bachhe
*dies**from cricket memes*
*Maldives bans Indian Tourists* Bollywood celebs: Andhera hogya hai jeevan mein bilkul
She: Take me Somewhere expensive…He:-
dream is to  sit behind teachers bike while going to school and touch her hip like this at least once while travelling
let me remind you i brutally beat my girlfriends there is plenty of evidence including a police report. i'm still #2 at the dnc and my party is silent about the matter
mom: remember.. no bikini.. girls:
Teacher:this is the worst class, I have ever seen.I am leaving the class.
ladbible ladbible things you don't expect to see on the way to work..tom cruise casually waving atop a speeding train bawaal iambawaal #ChaiyyaChaiyya ye toh kuch bhi nahi
Seeing crush in black saree Best feeling ever
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
another victim of blue whale
toppers to the backbenchers Jahan tumhara syllabus poore hoti hain Wahan se hanare revision shuru hote hai
when My Gareeb friend ask me,how i managed to buy Iphone without selling kidney..#CricketMachao Gareeb friend me:who won an iphone on BalleBaazi gadget league..
Hrithik Roshan Hrithik just paid for netflix subscription #sacredGames kangana runout kangana replying to Hrithik tum aur tumhare pitaji ke paas toh duniya bhar ka paisa hai
wait stop scrolling  padh lo,offline exams ho gaye toh fail ho jaoge
rohitsharma45 16.2 follwers 95 following Suggest  virat No users found. Virat.kohli 82 follwers 196 following Suggested rohi rohitsharma45 Follow meanwhile Virat* Saala jalta hai mujhse
She - How rich you are ? Me- Dekh, Mere Ghar Ki Chipkali
how to piss off a teenager 1.Say good morning 2.Sing any song from the 80's 3.Say "I love you"in public 4.Tag them on social media 5.Breathe
my face.the girl i want face doesn't matter...! work hard and do a goverment job!!
She deserves the title of Then Now Queen of Humanity!
Me when someone corrects my grammar Aap chahe toh munh mai le skte h
kam paison mein khush rehna difficult hai par jhada mein impossible
doctors made a 3D print of an ultrasound for an expecting mother who is blind
Jab Aap 36 % se paas ho aur upar se marksheet ka Lamination bhi karwao Tab Pita Ji - @confused.aatma
English bol kar dikhao lockdown,Quarantine,Sanitize,Isolation Company k malik banoge?
Good! Now Start Your Bike Without Removing Ur Mask
this is me in future  Xavier Okay. What are u selling behind?
good morning fends...
The hero the heroine the villian a complete destuction is about to happen
Crush typing...Crush:Kya re kaaliye Lockdown me bhi gora nhi huwa
ignore negativity follow Mr_j follows you Atheist in the middle of no where born november 3,2000 joined october 2015 588 following 178 followers not followed by anyone you're following
ME AFTER BUYING BEARDO PRODUCTS AT 70-80% DISCOUNT PRICES BAAL UGAA DIYA BEARDOJI AAP TOH
You're at very top and your friend sends you this
I know King When I See One लड़की के जन्म पर डी.जे फ्री में बजाय जाता है
ye answer sheet me question number 1 ke answer me "la**a ka exam"kyu likha hai?
Me and my boy's running from the toilet after writing Pt sir English Mamm on the toilet wall  
me mosquitoes at night
Oh! kal monday hai Apne ko kaun sa class jaana hota hai SCOOPWHOOP.com
ye technique bahar nahi jaani chahiye
Are behanch*d ye dairy milk kahan kahan apni factory khola hai bey.!
wnen you're walking home and come across a naked corpse i shouldn't
thesoutherdaily.co.za pastor makes women suck his dick in church,says his sperms is holy milk
STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THIS WAS GIVEN OUT!
YOUGURT WITH HONEY Before sleeping massage your face with yogurt and honey for 2 minutes daily as it helps to cure pimples, makes skin tight, soft and glowing in no time.  FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL
ye nimbu mirchi ka kya fayda hai?#lonavala#bikeride#bikeridelonavala
When someone says my partner is loyal and only talk to me. Me: Are you sure?
Kishan Jhunjhunwala @Jhunjhunastic Post lockdown, when you finally meet that person who has been uploading pictures of golgappa, pizzas and samosas in his story
what made you quit weed? i watched the whole movie on mute and strated crying because is thought i was deaf
sorry i annoyed you by making you do your job
high speed data transfer
When your crush likes hot + sanskari girl...You-
shreya munna bhaiya. Munna bhaiya lite.
Series to 2-1 se haar hi gaye hain agla test jeet ke draw kar lete hain Lekin aise to Australia WTC Final me chali jayegi Lagta hai abhi 4th Test bhi harna padega
papa main Google ka CEO ban gaya Toh?toh kya?Toh govt. job kaun dhundega tera baap?
Kab tak teri galtiyon ka tokra main apne sar par le kar ghoomata rahunga
My Girlfriend's Dad: Take this 50 million and leave my daughter alone Me:
Kanpur Lokesh Rahul commonly known as KL Rahul is related to which of the following sports ? A. Cricket B. Basketball C.tennis D. badmintion E. Vollyball. Bh**dike.
muhabbat hai isliye janay dia zid hoti to gari kay nechay hoti
You know, what kind of plan never fails? No plan at all
what part of "i didn't find shit" liberals do you not understand?
BABA KA DHABA Stonks
when you're going 90 mph in a school zone and the pre-schoolers are crossing the street this is where the fun begins
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
Well Played Sister
dulhe ka baap,jab shaadi mein bin bulaaye mehmaan aa jaye MPL Ye Koun?
Police:- Hands-up Me: nahi aap gudgudi karoge Police:-
HUSBAND WIFE
teacher:tumhe jitni bar bhi doubt ho puchlena. *Me asked for the second time.Teacher: are ullu aadmi hai yaar ye Bhai ko kuch malum hi nahi hai yaar
bawaal iambawaal australia in early 2019. australia in early 2020.
CLASS MAI PAANI KI BOTTLE LEKAR ENTER HO TO SARE DOST AISE GAREEB NAZAR SE DEKHTE HAI, JAISE MAI NAHI AATA TOH PYAASE MARJATE 
this profile is locked whn i need u i mis u lot whn i mis u i need u more bcz of u sent you a friend request Respond self-employed studied at Rathinam Technical campus went to Palaniammal higher secondary
i want white people and aspirins out of this country why? because they are white and they work!!!
Tag UP wala Aur banao airport U.P me
kyu re,nalaykon aaj nahi aa rahi?maa ki yaad nautanki baaj..
Ratan Tata :- Take my credit card, buy me a coke and get something for yourself too Me and the boys:-
that look when you wanna cut a bitch but you remember your a changed man
Maine karib 1.5 Mahine se car nahin chalayi hai..Mere car ki tanki mein bhare petrol ke bhaav rakhe rakhe badh rahe hain..ISSEY kehte hain investment
when someone makes eye contact with you while you're doing cardio look away!
me texting back in 2 seconds after being ignored for 24 hours Zaleel-O-Shaan-shahenshah
when your best friend gets married
stupid you are breed you should not
that look when you want to speak to the manager
yeh kya hai
Bobby Deol was a pro at Covid testing long before the virus even came into existence.
 don't mock the weak' 
When someone take meme seriously and start giving gyan in comment box *ME.. BHAIYA ISKO PAANI DE DO YAAR...
They say every female have a freckle in that same spot 
Virat Kohli reaction after maxwell's 100M six
Delhi Guy : mujhe aaj office se ghar aane mei 2 ghante lag gaye oh no Bengaluru Guy *who spent 2 hours just at silk board* : jahaan humaare sapne poore hote hai, waha inke struggle shuru hote hai
PLz stop making fun of my bro, He is great too
Iis naagin par Dil aagaya DESI ADULT TROLLS
This woman Brought 2 Soft Drink Bottles For Cops who Were In Duty The Cops Asked About Her Salary And She Replied. It's  3,500/ Gareebe Dekho, Aise Dikhte Hain Ameer Logi
how do you know when this prick is lying? the sphincter under his nose is moving
Kill Coronavirus gadget
दवा भी काम ना आए, दुआ भी काम ना आए हमारी हॉट गर्लफ्रेंड की हवा भी काम ना भजन छोड़ कर निकल पड़े हम पलंग तोड़ने लेकिन मौके पर जमरे हथियार काम ना आए
_chutiyapa._Jahan soch,wahan shauchalaya
kill the jews and muslims for being anti-white
1 2 3 4 5 Next> 10 11 12  Next> 3412 3413 3414 3696 Next>
Gaadi ka tank full kardo kitne rupaye hue? ek crore SCOOPWHOOP.com
12 PM ….12 AM
TAG THAT GIRL WHO LOOKS INNOCENT BUT NO.1 ROWDY IN YOUR GANG
#KHELOONFIELD www.onfield11.com Download now SRH 11th april |7:30 pm IST KKR www.onfield11.com This game involves monetory risk and may be addictive.Play at your own risk.
Roz utho,dosto ke saath ludo khelo,so jao
When M R reached at home in village then mother ask. Munna Tu doctor hai na?
people on instagram….people on twitter
i am a goat i eat everything, even your dreams
x did you know that 1 out of 3 trump supporters are just as stupid as the other 2!
so i slept with 3 guys before i met you dafaq i was just 20 minutes late
You need guts to hold a movie for a year! Respect to the man
her:you will never find someone like me again...Next day:
What's wrong? Nothing
Desi adult trolls When you are with your family When you are alone
Roll no.1 coming out and telling how his viva went:Mujhe mara gaya hai,I've been beaten
Sushant Mere Sapno Me aaye the aur kaha Jao tell the Truth-Rhea 50rupya kaat overacting ka
someone aksed" why elder sister is so special? he simply replied she is an updated version on mom
nice watch you got there david thanks, my dad sold it to me before he passed
Does he bite? No, but he can hurt you in other ways gar ja chutmari ke hume bhi corona krvaega 
sourav, saurav, saurabh and sourabh
*virus and germs *me with Dettol Disinfectant Just Hygiene Things
when you're in train toilet and there is no kundi
I think 2020 ganja fukk ke aaya hai
अगर वक़्त पर शादी ना की जाये तो अप्सरा भी ताड़का बन जाती है | अगर यह फोटो ठीक समय पर किसी लड़के वाले के घर पहुँचती तो आज सिर्फ एक घर ही बर्बाद होता, पूरा बंगाल नहीं ......!!!
Me in every semester *Me Please God Study Takes notes Attending Lesson
Virat and Anushka The kid nnei nnai nnai seedha seedha seedha
my daily routine
What is needed to run TV series successfully:Content This
when you have an 80 point iq but it's the highest in your village
Samosa Bhi khaunga  Momos Bhi khaunga Pani Puri Bhi Chole Bhature Bhi Sab kuch khaunga
BC kuch log pyar mai itne chutiye ho jaate hai ki unki baato se bhi cancer hone ka khatra rahta hai
a generation gap
HER BRA BE STRONGER THAN  THE MOST RELATIONSHIP THESE DAYS instacomedy.com
Me: mera career kon barbad karega..? My phone : MAI EXPERT HU. MUJHE SAB AATA HAI.
madam ye lo aapki devai bhaiya cheeni bhi do madam medical store pe cheeni nahi milti davai par likha h *SUGAR FREE*cheeni to tere baap bhi dega
the only kkk to ever let black men in
Pant: Bhaiya ball upar lagi hai Virat : still takes the review India: loses the review Virat looking at Pant :
Gogi kitna mota ho gaya har din mota hota jaa raha hai gogi!!
trump is starting wwiii turn in your guns go snort a rubber you maggot
she- tum din bhar mere bare me sochte rhte ho? he- nahi, raat me bhi she ye pata ke hi manega
RESTROOM Unisex Toilet
IPL FACT Virat kohli is a punjabi , he is from delhi & he plays for bangalore and punjab,delhi, bangalore have never won an IPL trophy
*telling a story to gf* her:you never told me that before me: I thought I did? Her must've been your other girlfriend
Trying out a selfie with bougainvillea flowers
Maa Ki Dua Baap Ka Road Jobhi Samne Aaya Uda Dunga Madarchod *Police Zinda pakar na hai bosdiwale ko
let's sit here and talk about life
That curves
When someone says 'Meri aankhon m aaj ye aansu ki wajah tum ho" Le me: Na rahenge aankh, na rahenge aansu.
sharad pawar #OperationLotus
Baby mera recharge krwa do Modi ji ne kaha h Aatmnirbhar bno Abse hath se hi kaam chalana Ban le Aatmnirbhar Bsdk
every thing possible, after you drunk 
this goat is so raw muslims are trying to fuck it!!
Anty ball dedo plz agli barr pakka nahi aayegi Kattapa!! Bhag bhai antyji bhardak gyi lagta h
Facebook "I heard you're a player.Nice to meet you,I'm the coach."
Reply nahi karna toh message bhi seen mat kiya karo Zyada bezzati feel hoti hai
kaunsi team 70 pe all out ho gayi thi?Mere Pati ki team Mere Pati ki team
After seeing this pic MEN'S EYE STOPS Blinking
देखते hi RAHOGE ya no. bhi doge…. *CHHAPRI BIBBA …...wahhh…wahh…wah !
Student life is all about books,coffee and casual/cozy clothes Student life me mehengi coffee aur cozy kapde kaalpanik hai,inka vaastavikta se koi sambadh nahi
Crush hey ajj tumhare birthday hai na haa tumhe yaad hai haa happy birthday bro ajj ke din toh khush rahne deti kamini
when you pour a bowl of coco puffs and realize you're outta milk
tired of paying toll tax,angry villagers of karnataka made their own way thru bulldozer
the vice principal the principal
*6 years old kid *me idhar de..phad ke deta hu..!
ATTITUDE LEVEL
baby aaj mai raat aaraha hu aapke paas apne baap ko neend ki goli de dena ache se saale ko beta mai tumhare babu ka baap hi hu bsdk
That's why u should donate eyes
#INDvPAK Dhoni:Woh dekh 100rs ka note Zaman:
Don't do everything for him, it's just a Frienship The Friendship:
Because of less air pollution Now you can see canada from punjab
simran in punjab vs simran in canada
All you have to do is sign up and apply a coupon code Bhai coupan code ho to kya kuch nahi ho sakta
snipzy!oSnipzy preparing for no nut november delete "YT kids"?deleting this app will also delete its data Cancel delete hold up
we can kill as many as we want and your stupid government keeps bringing us in
"yahi sikhate hai school me ?" "yahi sikhate hai ghar se ?" me* 
raat bhar mujhe iss baat ne sone nahin diya ki zindagi toh chaar din ki hai aur internet-pack mene 30 din ka karwa liya
If PM Modi defeats me in PUBG 1 v 1 TDM match I'll give him West Bengal Mamata Banerjee
When people say *isko kyu best friend banaya?* Me:Ganwar Pasand hai mujhe
Bc ye to ganja karde toh bhi chalega
provook sarcasticgandu ye mera 1st and last time hai age se tum sab ball dhund ke lekar ana main dhoni hoon ravi shastri nahin
WHEN SUNDAR GIFTS SOMETHINGS WORTH RS 120 AND IN RETURN MAKE YOU PAY HIS TAXI BHADA RS. 7400 This has been the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals, maybe ever 
gotta be careful who you fuck with. people will learn you, just to hurt you
nick- only 1 ticket is left for the concert, we can't go together priyanka- we can go nick - how? priyanka -
Deva 15 April ko lockdown khatam ho jayega na
" I'M THE DANGER OR WHATEVA! " BREAKING STEREOTYPES JUST INDIAN THINGS
Gujratis and Bengalis right now Rest of India SCOOPWHOOP.com
True story SCIENCE COMMERCE
में युवा जीसके पास गुलाल  है ...मेरा मित्र जिसके पास पानी वाले गुब्बारे है..... हमारे स्कूल के वरिष्ठ छात्र जिसके पास ग्रीस है.
* UP wale going to bihar to watch p*rn *bihar wale going to UP to buy liquor
After seeing aishwarya rai test positive for corona virus Selmon bhoi*
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny Bumrah death overs me run dega nahin
ettitudegurl Bhaiya 100 Rs ka petrol daal do. Daal diya madam.Kitne paise ho gaye?500Rs ho gaye BC.
yaa Allah 1080p ke aage bhi hota hai
don't let me go hug me tight Tag your love
hamza hassan itna dard to marne pe bhi nhi hota gitna teri khamoshi ne dia he
Toll plaza Toll plaza ultra pro max
i'm not interupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, welcome to the family mom!
parents and doctors shocked after 11- week old baby grows 'fang tooth' overnight.Ladbible.com/news/news-pare..baby shark doo doo doo doo doo
Ankit singh ankulicious couples after taking corner seats in theaters:
students in 10th std   students in 11th std
I'm this many years old
IPL FACT Virat Kohli is a Punjabi, he is from Delhi & he plays for Bangalore And Punjab, Delhi, Bangalore have never won an IPL trophy
now you know the shweta as well as pandit.
when muslim people use km per hour instead of bomb per allah hu akbaar this is why i bomb people
coronavirus right now Mai toh bhaag rahi hoon SCOOPWHOOP.com
100%Attendence Guranteed
board exams whole year preparation writing OM on answer sheet
AM @relagz I'm done being the victim Google How to bite a mosquito back Y Same
5yo Me after saying G for Guava instead of G for Grapes in front of whole class
i won't talk to him so he knows i am mad best day ever
i hate 3 things: vampires. werewolves and witches
Ashish gupta @chatora_baniya South delhi ki ladki ke papa ka truck!! BAD NAZAR WALE YOUR FACE WILL BE BLACK
Bachao..Bachao Ye bhed bhav kyu?
when she says "don't cum in me" but but you know she'll make a great single mother
incase you missed it sanjana ganesan- bumrah
kya soch rahe ho? Nobita k ghar mae itne saare jagah hote huye bhi doraemon almira mae kyu rehta tha
baby bomb lag rahi ho awww kam kha warna fatt jayegi
When She Marries You But As A Friend
Me Beta padhle kuch
me turning off the bathroom light when my brother is inside:
tumhara naam kya hai?English me 'BLACK LION' aur hindi me? Kalu singh
Nidhi Razdan:I've come to bargain Harvard UNI:Bawaal I don't even know who you are
BREAKING NEWS...अहमद साह के आने से तैमूर की मार्किट ठप. तैमूर ने दी धमकी , बोला "कुछ लोग मुझे खटकते है और तेरे जैसे मेरे निचे लटकते है |"
putting bows on your pet
don't get away from mind,beat your mind...#indian #india #love #instagram #photography #follow#mumbai #fashion #bollywood#instagood #like #delhi #bhfyp#photooftheday #indianwedding#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#likeforlikes#indianfood#style#model#desi#insta#beautiful#followforfollowback#kerala#tiktok#food#art #bhfyp#quarantine
just because she weighed as much as two people, that doesn't mean that you had a threesome
sexbomb sexbomb you are my sexbomb
BYJU'S Virat Kohli promises 'explosive' brand of T20 cricket from England series
 ye tha tumhara aggressive batting
MY DAD AFTER I STARTED TAKING BATH EVERYDAY
hold my hands,hold it tightly,never let it go
*bluetooth headphones *Me,listening to songs *Battery low"
Me telling stories to today kids that how we used 8x in M416
Sauce soya sauce
when you look at your check stub and see how much federal and state took you raggedy bitch
cancel boards 2021
Relatable or not? Relative kids* Bhaiya aona phone do na ek baar Bhaiya mere sath khelne chalo na Me sitting peacefully
Gujrati Chokra @oubgkadeewana My parent's to Me in this quarantine days: Ajeeb janwar hai, kitna bhi khaye bhooka hi rehta hai
Atif Mirxa @mirxacasm Backbenchers celebrating their last day of school
Every elser sibling in this world Yes, you were adopted! Mom Told me.
when you accidentlly right swipe an ugly girl and she matches
when madam brings her child to school le first benchrs with child:
no one:Tall guy from class when teachers ask him to clean the Board:Thoda celebrity jaise feel hota haii...
this head diaper is proof indians have poo poo in their brains still not defamation
Don't beg people to stay in your life.
you say i'm racist because i don't want illegals here? i have some news for you. "illegal" isn't a race, morons
my pockets after i waste my money on stupid stuff
oh my god i don't give a fuck
Upcoming Responsibilites aur future ki tention Me enjoying my 20's
are m dekh chuka hu yrr
my fragile heart at my sex drive - stay back, slut
Saurav, Saurabh, Sourav And Sourabh
Woman Who Coughed On Uber Driver Facing Years In Prison  After Turning Herself In
david meltdouwn how do they even install these..mikie brainlessescape replying to meltdouwn i think they install them and then build the ocean around it.That makes the most sense i think
happiness is when she says "Mere saree ka pallu kamar ke andar dal do" DESI ADULT TROLLS
*after breakup**he* tune to mera dil hi tood di *She*or tune jo meri s*al todi uska kya
In the chair Hon'ble Deputy speaker MOTION OF THE THANKS OF PRESS Boys..Relax..Ye mai nahi hu..
take me back to those days  SCOOPWHOOP.com
Best feeling in the world seeing our Crush dressed in black transparent Saree
im really sorry that your not feeling well today but im still gonna need a sandwich
when i see tough question paper in exam hall: tumhe jo maine dekha,tumhe jo maine jaana jo hosh thaa woh toh gaya
Finch laude ek baar bahar aana,kuch baat karni hai
*me talking to my crush* my social skills: theek hai bhai main chalta hoon SCOOPWHOOP.com
you are the funny one maybe i'll kill you last
literally nobody:MF with transparent cases:
sarcasmic Boi BoiSarcasmic Crush-mera ek kaam hai..kar doge? Me on my inner head-(Tujh jaisi meenakumari ke liye toh mai seene pe goli khaunga seene pe dhanno)
Pic 1 - Katrina Kaif at the beginning of the song "Kamli" Pic 2 - Katrina Kaif at the end of the song "Kamli"
sirAKASHtic @Dev_Akash_ .8h Girls Boys 
(Malyalam)
dilon ka shooter hai mera scooter IG:@bcbilli OB BC tere se bada na hai koi chuttad!!
Diwakar Deepak @Rom _Rom_ji *Kholi and Rohit going as opener*. Meanwhile KL Rahul, Ishan Kishan and Dhawan: -
years of meditation and enlightenment…and then you see the boobies,and everything is falling apart.
Ranjhana is an amazing movie, it passes on an important message that when you get an option to choose between Sonam Kapoor and Sawara Bhasker, you must choose death.
#1 ON TRENDING Seeti Maar|Radha - Your Most Wanted Bhai | salman Khan, Disha Patani|Kama... 21M views 23 hours ago 577K 35K Live chat Share Dow
geographical meme 
mom making food:for her children for herself
long distance relationship selfie with my girlfriend
when you opt for BSC after two years of JEE/NEET coaching main pitaji ki nazron mein waise hi gira hua hoon.thoda sa aur gir jaaoonga,,
when the squad's in town and yall ready to go to the hoe down
Madarchod motivation Chaiye toh Books pdh meri photo ki q maa chodra hai
dosti ho toh aesi
imagine her as your math's teacher Talha Malik BC jab imagine hi krna hai to bivi na kren
literally nobody:Backbenchers in every lecture:
6 year old me trying to force two magnets to touch with  the same poles
BRETT LEE DONATES 1 BITCOIN(AROUND 42LAKH INR) TO BUY OXYGEN FOR THE HOSPITALS IN INDIA
thank you for making our childhood awesome
exam top karne ke  liye padhai thodi karni pdti hai whisper choice lgta h whisper
DESI ADULT TROLLS DESI ADULT TROLLS
for just ten cents a day you can have delicious hand jerky
where are you now?don't know,but it's very dark!!'welcome to your future'
Dadaji, 3 nhi 4 Sameer hai...
In Search Of Gold We Lost The Diamond
this is my hobby to work on car engines
mentally we're here Pochinki SCOOPWHOOP.com
Father:kha hai?Me:friend k ghar padhne aaya hu papa ji kyu kuch kam tha aap ka hukum sar aakho pe Papa-nhi wo mere samne tere jesa dikhne wala ek ladka sutta mar ra hai Me-Lag gye bisi
She left me for being jobless Now her kids DM me Bhai Mere youtube channel ko shout out de de Pleej
Teacher : Boys and Girls don't sit together , sit separately and silently Backbenchers:
fcuk it!dora fatehi
BREAKING NEWS...करीना ने किया बड़ा ऐलान... तैमूर के बाप के बारे में पूछे जाने पर किलसी, बोली " RCB की जीत पर करेंगी असली बाप का खुलासा "
Desisarcastictrolls mujhe Delhi ka CM Bna do CHUTIYA Hai Kya..? Chutiya hona zaruri hai kya.? BC desisarcastictrolls
If age is just a number had a face
If you don't clear your misunderstanding in time, they become the reason for distnce forever.
Me Tumse dugna lagaan lega Ghanta lega,Teri to hamare londe ne hi leli
no entrance fee for woman taking UPSC, SSC exams ek kele ki wijah se itna jhamela karte ho yaar!!
hero and heroine's father convo in old movies:aap apni blank check rakh lijiye,mai aapki beti rakh leta hu
same Energy
Mohabbat thi isliye jaane diya Zidd hoti toh Sadak se utha ke star bana deta
Congress waalon ne sakeena ko utara toh BJP waale Tara Singh ko le aaye!
SHOCKING: AAJ TAK'S ROHIT SARDANA PASSED AWAY THIS MORNING DUE TO HEART ATTACK
WHEN A STATE IMPOSES LOCKDOWN AT NIGHT VIRUS AT 10 P.M: Fuck you and I'll see tomorrow!
Non vegetarians describing any veg dish MPL Iske andar bhoosa hai
minister of health belgium she eats all the unhealthy food of her country huge respect for her
i will fucking choke slam you with my dick
Florida man proposes to girlfriends using rings stolen from another girlfriend The lord of the rings one Rings to rule them All
i too was once a male trapped in a female's body but then i was born
Brahaman ji @brahaman_h_hmm She: Me or pubg Me: Tumhare saath pubg 
pete buttigieg.. leviticus 20:13 if a man also lie with mankind, as he lieth with a woman, both of them have commited an abomination
aaj se toh IPL shuru hone wala tha maaki Ch#t china ki
Heartbreaking Picture From Assam fter Earthquake
No onw:8 year old me:
moments after you post something that you know is gonna start some shit
every second person getting tested in kolkata is positive dekha aapne... laparwahi ka nateeja
shivam04pandey
dishwasher for sale missing parts
King of Bollywood Browie Cantor II Madarchod Salman Khan nam suna hai Tirtho Das Arnob Browie Cantor II Humne sirf Salman khan suna tha,pura nam aaj apne bataya!
Ufff ye Mumbai ki Gaarmi
not studying studying Getting low marks SCOOPWHOOP.com
Us bichari ko is baat ki bhanak bhi nahi thi ki abhi uski G**m tutnevali hai
These flies are plotting a plan Xavier They're planning on buying you a lotion for your dry skin.
tum corona ko kaise khatam karoge? uski jhuthi kasam khakar..! who ke director banoge?
@aakash_lakia Problems that i didn't know as a kid. My Parents Me
santoor wali mummy DESI ADULT TROLLS
close your eyes  bro ok bro what do you see bro nothing bro? that's what's inside your cooker bro brooo SCOOPWHOOP.com
Jordan health minister resigns after oxygen outage kills six patients
SCOOPWHOOP.com Pimples Zero Blackheads? Zero amount of fucks your crush gives about you ZERO
Mom: beti jara kitchen me aana Beti:Kyun? Mom:Mujhe jaroorat hai teri Beti: Main kisi ki jaroorat nahi, khwaahish banna chahti hu Mom:
DD national rest of the year DD national on independence and republic day Just Indian Things
in a relationship with aliza malik today with aliza malik aliza malik post dlt kr randi k bachy
when the wrong song comes on
amit shah:joe bhai jeeti gaya modiji:oh no ! Anyway
She:be gentle its my first time me:share with your friends
Itna single ho gya hum main ki ab ye bhi hot lagne lagi hai mujhe
Girl uploads a pic *Random Boy: Tum husn Pari Tum Jaane-Jahaan Tum sabse Haseen tum sabse jawaan
All izz well...All izz well SCOOPWHOOP.com
shreya @shreya_singh06 Munna Bhaiya Munna Bhaiya Lite
many young girls may come and go but aunties will be all time favourites for boyz
Gajab garmi hai yar
* at SBI bank* me: sir lunch kab tak khatam hoga? employee: ek saal, ek mahine, puri zindagi kitna bhi waqt lag sakta hai
memes bnate ho ladkiya bhaav toh deti hogi me :
only boys knows the feeling when a bike enter his life
SCOOPWHOOP.com  Old Monk Rum Apni saari samasya mujhe de do
Me when i go to funeral of a relative whom i have never met
when a lawyer talks in english in district court. People: america ka dalal bahinchod
चार चवन्नी घोड़े पे गठबंधन मेरे - - पे
A goddess @critstarr How it started going How it's 
people telling me the dress code me who has only one pair of clothes SCOOPWHOOP.com
mom aagle saal tak ayega
hmmm... let's see, what kind of conspiracy theory can i get those white trash followers of mine to fall for next ?
21 din mai Paisa double…..Sirf 21 din….......21 din hai tumhare pass…....पुरे देश में 21 दिन का सम्पूर्ण लॉकडाउन…..*21 din...pata nahi aise situations mein, main automatically aage kaise aa jata hoon
kya mila raat bhar baat karke? isse accha toh he jaate.
When you leave his place after two hours of just kissing
She's more consistent than the entire batting unit of Pakistan
when it's too hot rich people me
donald trump caught while building his own house after losing election
Jhat Mix Jhat Mix tune kya mix kiya hai pramod
*me logging in to my Gmail from another device*Google security:MPL Ye kaun
Name:Diana Age:88 Advice for the younger generation:Never follow a man!
We are men and this is our weakness
*If "Badan pe sitare lapete huye"had a face.*
Some weapons don't need introductions from their owners
When someone unfollow me on instagram Unfollow kyu?Dikkt hai to Block kar na Madharchod
your salary won't be very good starting out.is that okay?my performance won't be very good until it is.That okay?
If the opposite of Con is Pro Is Congress the opposite of Progress?
SCOOPWHOOP.com Backlogs in the 4th year Engineers
still donno how to play this game SCOOPWHOOP.com
checking my phone in bed when I should be sleeping!
i swear some people were conceived through anal sex, because there's no way being that much of an asshole is natural
Pedro chapa is with Drucila Deshreet and Braden EI Pintor Rodriguez.R.I.P Cesar Avila missing my best friend he's  not dead his girl don't let him hang out with us R.I.P CEASER
sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
Apocalypse @Mizzling_Gage  Dear man, what is stoping to kiss har in rain? @itsdhruvism She.
aree dada sasur ghar ma 9-9 thaiyaan bachaa aur pregnant biwi nichawar to lene ko padego
rozgar_CA @Memeswalaladka When you get roasted by your friend in front of your crush You: 
Unit 11 Making the right choices Sorry I have one *Teacher*
Girls after applying coconut oil Expectation Reality
If josuke's mom had other partners other than Joeseph,then would he be nicknames Josuke bhosidike?Sorry,that was a BIZARRE thing to a
KFC Where Your Friends Take You For Treat Where My Friends Take me For Treat Our friends Are Not Same, bro!
the hardest decision ever
one day me & my best friend!
haan mummy !Naha ke kapde bhi pehen liye Ab chalo nani ke Ghar!
after joining vedantu & getti ng aall india rank & exciting prizes who meri life ki sabse best cheez thi
dogs are cute, great compantions, and can be taught to obey and protect. a better option than a gun
Best teacher!
govinda outside dhawan's house after watching #coolieno1trailer
She has more fans in India then in Sri Lanka
send me a number you're my...crush friend best friend my gf/bf my everything mutuals my world no one new friend my ride or die my ex idk you(well)
no luxuries needed, when you're with the right person.
saw a celebrity today.
people says truth everybody has the value after the death RS 150/- RS 450/-
I TOLD HIM I NEEDED SPACE HE BOUGHT ME A 1 TB HARD DISK
Saamne hindustan dikh rha hai Haan, krr diya batwaraa Nhi karna tha ab dangey honge
you are the beat of my heart
you come home from work and see your girl like this What's the first thing you do?
oh, he's using you for sex? stop bitching, sex is awesome. complain when he's using you for laundry ..or a human shield
other people right now me right now
everyone when this ends SCOOPWHOOP.com
Shristi Negi Yaar mera phone neeche gir gaya and screen me crack aagaya Vishu Arora Jada bada crack to nahi aaya?Shristi Negi Ruko Screenshot bhejti hun Wo stree hai.. Wo kuch bhi kar sakti hai
chelsea clinton.. so ugly that when she gives head, it counts as anal
me when i see dogs
when you give chokeslam to your younger brother but he starts crying: arey ee toh pyaar hai humaara
Us Bichari ko is baat ki bhanak bhi nahi thi ki abhi uski G**n Tutnevali hai
when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
Aaloo ke Paranthe is the Best Breakfast Omlette is the Best Breakfast Paranthe Omlette BONH Poha
all you have to do is to deposit money and make atleast one transaction!masst paisa deposit aur atleast ek purchase karke aana haan!
Honny girlfriends are better than beautiful one
when your dishwasher is ready for another load
Man Tells Wife He Was Joking When He Proposed 20 Years ago PRANK'D
When SomeOne asks me for Relationship Advice. Me: Leave Her…
BADE AARAM SE...
the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, "that's how i want you to do it."
the problem is we're looking for someone to grow old together, while the secret is finding someone to remain kids with
MI fans to CSK and RCb fans; badi hasi aari hai
How do you deal with Axar Patel and Ashwim?Ideally from the non-stikers end.Although with Ashwin even that's not safe #INDvsENG
each boy has that one girl he will never lose feelings for her.
all these flavors and you choose to be salty
didi uploaded pics with caption " beautiful things don't ask for attention".and when didi get no comments on her pics. Didi:
They grew up so fast 
gentle giant ikunaal if abhishek wasn't "bachchan" abhishek bachchan juniorbachchan replying to ikunaal hahahaha. Funny!but still better looking than you!
Do you date boys?No,I am straight i only date girls So how many girls did you date?
if your ex need blood will u donate to safe his/her life? Ami R khan nagin ko insaan ka khoon nhi chalega Ami R khan Nice boobs btw
girls- 5 problems one solution boys -1000 problems one solution
You can't get attached to fictional characters Also Me:
at work
Bhai, helmet na toh na sahi, condom jaroor pehenna.
i will not look at her tits because she is my friend said no man ever
AWM is Cool But Kabhi Iss se Headshot Khaya Hai??
boys at night boys in the morning hahahhaha ok
When you are sleeping and your parents switched off the fan. Aulad ke dushman
how to make a girl happy with just two things Dairy milk silk fruit & nut new whisper ultra clean lock upto 100%
(Heart kidnaper) from single joined on march 2018 friends 2,114(2 mutual)
*Lockdown extended till 3rd of May* *le Indians seh lenge thoda aur
The road to Heaven Kedarnath
RCB win the thriller by 1 run and go tot top of the table. Amazing bowling by RCB. Earlier ABD, then Bowlers. What a comeback! A step closer to E Sala Cup Namde.
WHEN YOU MISS HIM VS WHEN HE IS AROUND 
Kiya Zamana Aa Gaya Hai ? Baap Kahta Hai Me Tera Dost Jaisa Hoon Aur DOst Kahta Hai Me tera Baap Jaisa Hoon
raymond_fischerr DM NOW
professional chefs watching our insta stories main kya karun fir,job chhod doon?
Me trying to casually eat food in a wedding hall The photographer flashing his camera 3 seconds at me
Teacher:Raee ka pahar bnana ka matlab btao Student:TMKOC ke shuru se ab tk ke episode dekh lo
AB de VILLIERS Matches 99 runs 2360 strike rate 141.9 thirties 32 best score 105 RCB 213-1 de villiers 127 56 KOHLI 66 45 Timeline MALINGA 1-22 NBI 6|46414D|4WD112
this diwali don't burst patakhas be one patakha
Why indian youth is not interested in politics INDIAN MINISTER RUSSIAN MINISTER
A police officer spent his lunch break sharing pizza with a homeless woman and it was captured in a heartwarming photo
Today is my birthday..today iam very happy because all of my friend wised me...and they celebrate my birthday
ranbir kapoor and ranbir kapoor and alia bhatt ranbir kapoor and deepika padukone ranbir kapoor and alia ranbir kapoor and katrina kaif ranbir kapoor and mahira khan sab kuch try karo. Phir sahi chuno.
Believe me she is married and her Daughter is 23 years old beti se jyada charche to mom ke he
tharkiyo laar met tapka dena
BHAI ye tu hi hai jo bhabhiyon pe line marta hai mention your tharki friend
Mera zyada DOST nahi hain,lekin jitne bhi hain sab ek no ke chutiye hain BC
Well played! Office depot invisible tape Ruban invisible 
left thigh me right thigh
damn michelle are you hungry?
"Biden pe sitare lapete huye"
when your boyfriend is acuusing you of cheating and you're standing there thinking he's starting to sound just like your husband
Traffic Jam people Honking
Sunder Missed his 1st century by 4 runs *Kohli Missed his 71st century by 100 runs Fans sympathy Rohit Missed his double century by 151 runs
product photography level: 9999
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny Bumrah death overs me run dega nahin SCOOPWHOOP.com
Tejashwi Yadav rides bicycle to reach Patna secretariat to protest against fuel price hike Kuki Aggarwal Han iske pichhe jitni gaadiyan chal rahi hai wo Rooh Afza se chalti hai na...
Lauda is in command.
Jokesmelon @jokemelon1 Mom: Mere Phone ka  Net itna Slow kyu chal raha h? Me:*Who just Finished her Data*
When you are about to start your chetak scooter and some say"Statue".
Guy's look what i found
This Is Clever
*Chips Packet*Hawa Chips
Mom-chal ab padhai karle bohot use karliya phone..Me-A single sheet of paper can't decide my future! Me after few mins-
what's stopping you from coding like this; Sallu bhai
tumhe jo mene dekha tumhe jo maine jana
Chand Chuppa Baadal mai Footpath pe toh nahi chup sakta na BC
when you get caught jacking off to the snapchat girl filter of yourself that wasn't me that was patricia
Bhagwan se kuch mango ya na mango lekin ye zarur mangna ki.."maa ke bina koi ghar na ho aur koi maa beghar na hko"Happy mother's day
Dogs are so stupid lol Pat pat Later JOHN ki Maakichoot.BEHENKALODA mujhe stupid kehta hai khud toh kabhi ek ladki nahi pta skaa..
litterly everyone on internet: ye fass gaya..
I may look normal but i love doing this
old people at weddings always poke me and say "you're next." so, i started doing the same thing to them at funerals
THISMAN IS HELPING THOSE STUDENT WHO ARE STRESSED DUE TO CURRENT COVID CRISIS PLEASE EMAIL HIM WITH VALID CREDENTIALS
2000 RUPEE NOTES IN 2018 2000 RUPEE NOTE IN 2021 IG -GHANTAA
how legends celebrate holi
Mom appreciated me for helping her in House work Me, who just changed the bedsheet becoz the tea was dropped
Parents ki advice Teacher ki advice Friend ki tatti Advice
Did you know?MADE IN CHINA These made in China stickers are actually made in Korea. That's why the sticker lasts longer than the actual product.
after sex selfies usa croatia germany
that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
i'm not saying your mom's a slut but during childbirth she slid you in and out a couple of times
me thinking of completting one more game and then going out my friend waiting outside the bathroom from an hour or more
romanaraza after #PUBG ban..Pubg Users:
i got fired from a restaurant for sticking my fingers in the dishwasher i'm wondering why they didn't fire her too
SCOOPWHOOP.com brain in the morning brain at night
During RAMADAN When you live alone When you live with parents
NETFLIX EXPOSURE THE DEARING GIRL
Chote parde se lakar bade parde TAk, PK se lekar M.S Dhoni tak Har del pe raaj kiya hai. har kirdaar ache se nibhaya hai. We lost him. - Sushant Singh Rajput.
friendly reminder that Wyatt Russell and John Walker are two different people and that Wyatt is doing an amazing job
Sagar  @sagarcasm   Whe you are watching Mirzapur with your friends but your name is Lalit
me on a diet chole bhature
Literally nobody:Congress in every election:EVM HACK RANDI RONA
art CHAMPIONS artist INDIA
the secret to a good marriage is having sex at least 3 times a week. and at least once with your wife
Jofra Archar…When she tells you Go and lock the door….ffs Kohli..THE SKIN DOCTOR….Anushka Sharma After seeing Jofra's Tweet : 
how you gotta treat girls with smart mouths
ek medal unko bhi de do jo ladki ki fake id bana kar 100-200 ladko ka time pass kara rahe hain BC!
SCOOPWHOOP.com Teri galliyon me na rakhenge ek kadam aaj ke baad
when you sing"maula mere lele meri jaan"and next day find your self in heaven
me watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S without laugh track SCOOPWHOOP.com
stresss busster
stomp on my flag i'll pound your ass
What did you do during the Coronavirus dad? I stayed at home and made memes to spresd awareness about Coronavirus Fucking LEGEND
mom ye kya faltu serials dekhti rehti ho app sare din 15 minutes later: 
trump as a female looks like 60 yo taylor swift
Can I call you? You missed a call From Sandra 11.10 AM CALL BACK Now what?  I never said I'll answer your call She* Me*
रात की रौशनी का आनंद ले | महाकुम्भ मेला हरिद्वार , २०२१ ….Isse kehte hai uper ki kamai.
never date a girl, who cant respect ur wife
difficult for anyone to stop jos buttler when in such form: gautam gambhir
Me:mujhe personal space chahiye thoda.Desi Parents:Unn words ka matlab batao!
Kabhi man me suicide ka khayal aaye toh apne dosto ka photo nikalo use dekho aur socho jab ye chutiya log zinda hai to mai kyun marun.
when you choke the hooker a little too hard and she dies this is where the fun begins
current situation of #arnabgoswami" ae! Bharat sarkar..izzat se ha..
IF YOU ARE FROM THE AGE 12-25 AND USE INSTAGRAM DAILY YOU CAB EARN 2-3K DAILY.PLEASE READ CAPTION
look at me this is my meme now
Gand mast hai tumhari tu bhi marwaya kar teri bhi ho jaegi
vro Tu wahi hai na Jo notification se message padh leta hai aur kuch der baad reply karta hai jara side mai aana vro
Quarantine day 10: Me nacouraging police for beating everyone on road Khopdi Tod saale Ka
show me your bare naked ankles you dirty whore
meri prediction bahut kharab rahti hai -Gautam Gambhir finally gambhir has realised his powers
No one noticed joe bidden in avengers endgame
Kya tumhare toothpaste mein namak hai?Nahin! Main upar se mila leta hoon…Swaad Anusaar
rozgar_CA @Memeswala When your best friend kills your pakki Goti in luso saala saanp ko paal raha tha
BINOD SANTOSH
ghar se nikatle he kuch door chalte he
प्लीज बच्चे ना देखे ! इस ऐप में लड़किया वो सब दिखाती है 
duniya mai kitne madarchod hai
what's your size?love school
Mai jo jee raha hu wajah tum ho. Oxygen ki toh koi value hi nahi hai….
mom-chup chap khana kha vrna maar ke ga#d tod dungi tujhe kya lagta hai karwachauth ka natak mujhe nahi pata....? Nibbi:
People in other countries are not sure of their survival.In India we are preparing pickels for next year that's are optimistic attitude
bass zindagi me itna bada banna hai k apne ghar dikh jaun to news ban jaye.Pinkvilla:-#AliaBhat spotted at her residence
this looks romantic until she ask "who is natasha?"
others' birthday my birthday
do you know how to use an oven! or do i need to dig up hitler so he can show you!
A real man spoilts his lady with attention, affection, respect,honesty, loyalty and love
on 5th april 9 pm kids mens legends
not sure what's in the fridge, but this dishwasher is about to get a big load
she is going with hotness to next level rachitha ram
daily night before sleep Early morning
when nidhi reaches Harvard university with offer letter. Le harvard university- i am sorry babu
Amount donated by youtubers 10lakh 5 lakh 3 lakh amount donated by tiktokers atul shaw chakke dua dete hai paise nhi
Comments 6.2K Shahin raza 2 months ago Mam, aap khule baal m padhao tb samaj m aata hai…Maine aapka quadrilateral wala video Dekha maa kasam marte dam tak quadrilateral ni bhulunga 296 8
All boys are not same
Card:*gets rejected*Barber:
8+5 kitna hua?Tera Pakad le mera
Girls with the time machine:I am your granddaughter Really?Boys with the time machine:Foothpath se uth jao saare!!Bhai kisi bhi waqt SUV leke aata hi hoga
COOLEST WARNING IF YOU HIT THIS SIGN, YOU WILL HIT THAT BRIDGE 
everything went downhill since they stopped selling these
NEPOTISM NAHOS BHANERA MAILE CHORA NAJANMA
mera dost subse bada chutiya hai bitch plz ever met my followers?
work from office work from home
you may kiss the bride
*shopkeeper *me ekdum kadak maal hai
Kabhi Kabhi dil karta hai Chaar paanch din k liye marjaun
Ae Kohli चौका मरना …... Abey lovkdown ka fyada uthao Mummy Papa bano ….... Magar nahi tumeh toh meme material Banna hai.
A letter from Virat's School Mentioning His As Caption of Team  Has Gone viral ….. SAVIOUR CONVENT SR. SBC. SCHOOL….CIRCULAR NO.CPL270903….DATE: 27.9.03…CIRCULAR TO PARENTS….Dear Parents,… IT is the matter of Great joy That the following Students of our School  have been selected in under 15 Cricket Team of Delhi State...1.Varun sood .....IX.....2.Virat Kohli (Caption)...X.....3.Salaj sondhi....X.. 
guys,never demand CBI inquiry as a bluff worst mistake of my life'
paan masala consumers in advertisements paan masala in consumers in real life
it's not a hijab it's a diaper for people with shit for brains
Daay 7 of isolation:I got in a fight with my cat Don't fucking stare at me.[CAT MEOWS]
when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid & she didn't believe you now she's like..
i'm pregnant. are you sure you're not just getting fat
me:*Laughs a lil*Life:Jyada ho raha hai
चुनावो के कारन ना तो उसे पेट्रोल, गैस के दाम घटाए, ना ही फर्जी किसानो के आगे झुका, ... यही साबुत है उसे देश की फ़िक्र है सत्ता की नहीं |
" WHY DO YOU REPLY  EVERYONE INSTANTLY?" BECAUSE I KNOW HOW MUCH IT HURTS WHEN SOMEONE IGNORES YOUR TEXT.
30 year old me trying to force two magnets to touch with  the same poles even though they're not going to stick with together
"Dad, why my sister name is Rose?" "Because your mother loves Roses." "Thanks , dad." "No problem , Synder cut"
drona sharma drona thecharya when your younger brother gets all the love and care so he's like jalan ho rahi hai kya tereko?
#gujratgovernment announcement* 1 to 9 and 11th standard students will be promoted without exams Le:- 10,12th and college students Abe mereko to andar lo
There is The Only Relation Where There Is No Breakup The Relation Between Mother and Her Child The Most Pure Relation In World.
TikTok has been banned in India;HC SAYS tiktok is polluting youngsters Meanwhile ,so called "Social influencers"....Career sankat me hai
How MI sees Rohit Sharma How BCCI sees Rohit Sharma
from."hi daddy" to"your ex-wife calls me daddy too",he grew up Russian blogger marries stepson before giving birth,undergoes plastic surgery
when you consume too much trans fat
finishing one season in one day my friend me finishing the whole series in one day
girls in every family function boys in every family function
Maggi ke laddoo
YouTube showing me ads that i can't skip
North Koreans haven't gone to war in 60 years, but look at all medals their generals are wearing, they could be defeated with a magnet 
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
when she says she is out with the girls but the girls are with you
money can't buy happiness*Me with money:
when they say"you deserve better"
Nanam Upadhyay Original Old Song Neha Kakkar's Remix BYJU'S BYJU'S INDIA
my mood these days mute block unfriend unfriend block seen seen unfollow
My parent's to Me in this quarantine days:Ajeeb janwar hai,kitna bhi khaye bhooka hi rehta hai
everyone  ask popatlal ki shaadi kab hogi but no one gives a fuck about sunda and abdul's marriage.
me every morning
damn bruh ann frank sister thicc af no wonder the holla cost famous for it shower scenes lmao
we need to be like new zealand new zealand banned rifles, then move to new zealand bitch
best prank call ever! Hello Dominos?Yes sir, How may I help you?Can you give me the number of Pizza Hut please?
f(x) 2006 f''(x)2015
even i can see you're a cunt
deport the goat fornicators #fukislam
Is it APSARA or NATRAJ pencil? I'm pretty curious to know!
when bhabhi promised she won't colour you then surprise you from behind
i'm not inturupting anything personal, am i? yeah niles, we just eloped. i'm your new mom. well, i'll be a son of a bitch
Zindagi mei boht galtiyan kari hai par kabhi aisa chutiyapa nai kara .. Translate from Hindi aliabhatt katrinakaif kendalljenner sunnyleone priyankachopra tappsee anushkashettyofficial taylorsswift  emrata
OTHER ME Ankur Raj Chappal to change kar leta
Mom-"Chup chaap 10:30 tak gharpe aa warna kabhi wapis mat aana."*Ie me leaving the party telling people I remembered that i have a test tomorrow
tag a friend who loves vada pav
signs that you are Ravi Shastri you always think of sex you are always high assisnhero you have a loyal best friend you love parties
*Father* Exam me itne kam marks kaise aaye bey? Via:Confused Aatma Tanik Izzat se baat kijiye.. "Chacha Vidhayak hai hmare."Bsdk..Mera hi bhai hai woh..!!
Raise your hand if you think stress ball really work An Do Who needs a stress ball when you have boobs
broken dishwasher for sale or rent
when you give biscuits to a street dog kisi ka g*nd faadna ho toh bata dijiyega bhaiya ji!
*LockDown Extend*1)Ek Mauka aur de raha hun!2)Is LockDown mein bhi single rahe toh lanat hai..LIFE IS GREAT
Me:coffee pe chalogi?she:nhi,mere paer jal jayenge.Choriye Thi kya pichle janam me?
halloween got you like
American Parents:Be yourself  Indian Parents:Be like Raghav uncle's son, He got 93% marks
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
KRISHIV A 19 YEARS OLD GOLFER DONATES ALL HIS EARNINGS TO FUND VACCINATION DRIVE NEED MORE PEOPLE LIKE HIM
1 2 3 Comment which one you like the most?
People's birthday My birthday
every woman needs to learn this to get her daily tasks&needs done by herself.If women can fly massive passengers & fighter planes,they can do this too..Ameer Hamza Alto main Qaleen bhaiyya bethy hue hain
kya kr rha hai Bc
Lockdown khul jaye bolte saare students hain- Par Chahta koi nahi
Faiz kan jr.Link
Nikal Michael Vaughan,pehli fursat mein nikal...Michael Vaughan ..Told ya..India are going to get hammered in the Test Series..#AUSvIND #4-0
Mrs.Pooja good news for you Its Miss.Pooja..!Miss Pooja bad news for you.
When i lost my new pencil on first day of school. EVERYBODY .... SAB KE SAB CHOR HAI SAALE
Making Masala movies for Money Making Meanign Movies for the sake of Talent and Art
reasons why jio banned porn ab tu dekh madarchod mai kya karta hu bola tha na madarjat panga na le
Me:-Bsdk mera kill kyun churata hai tu kill chor sale....Best Friend:-Bsdk mai kill chor nhi hun...Me:Tu hai.Tereko pata nahi hai lekin tu hai
my plans 2020 SCOOPWHOOP.com
When jio finally announce ban on all porn sites but you realise every site is working on uc browser Tb aaya shaitan ki duniya m bhagwan ka aadmi
"your 20's are the best years of your life"My 20's:
Batao kahan hai mera beta SAM?Vimal lenebheja tha,tabse lauta hi nahi..
gian and suneo doraemon nobita SCOOPWHOOP.com
Bing ya_jhakaas your friend forcing you to talk to your crush 'abe chal darpok akeli khadi hai jaa baat kar k aa'
WAIT  A SECOND THIS ISN'T MY NEST
In holi Other girls Me
we fight sometimes,but I still Love you..Tag your Baby..
you are given 1 wish,but everything you wish happens to everyone,what is your wish?discussion I wish i'd shit myself now.(I'm in the bathroom so the aftermath for everyone else is gonna be hilarious)
Oye Sunn!aaj movie chalega?Nahi yaar..AAJ mujhe doctor ke yaha jana hai cancel karde yaar,bol de ki teri tabiyat kharab hai BS!@#$%%&
hugging is a silent way of saying you matter to me
students modi ji disliking video banning PUBG SCOOPWHOOP.com
when you live in a bad neighborhood but you know everyone
no i dont want to kiss you i don't know why my girlfriend is mad
Mai to tereko VanManush samjha tha tu toh dev manush nikla re
I WAS YOUR PILOT SOMEONE SNEEZED GOOD LUCK
parents:hamari ek nhi sunta..me:kya nhi sunta..?parents:padhai kar,phone kamchalya kar,jaldi uth kar,mandir jaya kar ,Me:Ek cheez bolke chaar gina rahe hai
R.I.P Instagram Likes REST IN PEACE SCOOPWHOOP.com
Khada hokey cycle chala raha tha..achanak cycle ki chain utar gayi
This is the weakness od 90% of Men
for the girls who say boys who can cook are husband material
Population Of India 138Cr, If We Do One Lakh Covid Test Per Day The Last Man Will Be Tested Approx 37 Years From Today So Please Stay Home & Stay Safe
still one of the most iconic pic
my MOM requesting me to control my "Kenchi jaisi Zubaan"
On instagram * Someone: I nominate you... Me:Tu kaun hai?Aukat kya he teri
to:delete twitter let's move to koo,this valentine's i only want you from:
you find it offensive, i find it funny... that's why i'm happier than you
India GDP contracts A Record 23.9% in April-June Quarter Indian media mujhe kuch nhi dikh rha maa SCOOPWHOOP.com
She:- baby mujhe pichle 3 din se cough fever hai. Kisiko batana mat Me:- ok baby mai kisiko nhi bataunga, abhi ek call krke aaya vo rahi bahen ki l*di
i don't know if you agree or not but mangoes taste different when you pluck them yourself and eat
Nobody: Bombs in movies : 10 minutes later:
Where are you?Pata nahi,par yaha har dusra ladka yuva neta hai Welcome to UTTAR PRADESH BHAIYA
Me:*steals the heart of a cute girl* Everyone else in the surgery room:
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny last unit to chootega hi
Admit it Dream of every single guy is to play Holi with there crush
if she is my swimming instructor then I have 100% attendance with extra work
A picture from 2025 Petrol 10ML 50
Aapke husband ki corona report negative aayi hai Are chhodo usko, wo aadmi hi negative hai uska kuch positive nahi aa sakta
*only dog & cats are cute*Meanwhile cows
"islam is love!" ariana grande yeah. if you're a goat "
dream of a middle class guy branded clothes own business girlfriend body-building own house own car
I need someone who trusts me As much as this woman trusts her shirt
aditya @illumon_adiii How old were you when u had your first kiss ?Ameya @ameyabharati I'm 24 right now, but I'm hopeful. Same
Nepotism in Bollywood be like: Director Chutiya Hau Tumhara Ladka *Bollywood Celebrity Chutiya hai ye Important Nahi Hai Hamara Ladka Hai Ye Important Hai
if u ever see a girl looking for something,present this to them.it'll probably be it
i feel like the big bad wolf looking for the 3 little pigs
*Younger sister *Elder sister
you played with these stumps we played with these stumps we are not the same bro SCOOPWHOOP.com
There is a special place in heaven for this woman
luckiest are those who get love proposal from girls first
Suryakumar Yadav after scoring 50 in his 1st international innings CRICKET KI DIWANIBsdk I*nd pr rkhte hain hum international pressure
Thappad se darr nahi lagta saheb, corona se lagta hai SCOOPWHOOP.com
kya hua beta phone charging pe lagaya hai kya?
i have to stay alive until 2042 to see nickelodeon time capsule open
Going With My Mother To Return Clothes That I Bought 3 Days Ago My Mom* Me*
kylie jenner when she can't decide what sause to put on her burger
girls: omg i don't know what to wear today boys be like:
life has never given me lemons it has given me anger issues, anxiety, a love for alcohol, a serious dislike for stupid people. but not lemons
Kishan singh @00747 "I nominate you to --" चुप मादरचोद
Just a visti to Sun @ night time with my brother...Haters gonna say PHOTOSHOP i am going to donate my eyes bc
Assignment complete kyon nahi kiya?Sorry sir bhool gaya Isme daalna toh kabhi nahi bhulte
Gujaratis and Bengalis right now  Rest of India
the face he makes when he's about to tell you another war story
*India has always been a second home for me* Brett Lee donates 1 Bitcoin( 4.2 million) to Crypto Relief, which will help wth oxygen supply for COVID patients in india. He was inspired by Past Cummins' gesture yesterday
farrakhan speech at united center in chicago breaking news nation of islam members listen to minister louis
students:math teacher won't come due to rain math's teacher:
*respecting children's privacy* Indian parents: we don't do that here  SCOOPWHOOP.com
I am only one who like M*LF more then teen???
when you shoot up the school and somebody else gets blamed for it we stand here amid my achievement, not yours!
after 5 minutes of breakup nibba text to her nibbi 'acha chalo sorry maf kr do plz' le nibbi:bhala hai bura hai jasia bhi hai mera pati mera devta hai
she-baby ye MC kya hai?he-municipal corporation she-toh tum log ek dusre ko municipal corporation kyu bolte rhte ho?Madarch*d ho kya?He-
psycho hai kya yaar?
लड़की किसके साथ खुस रहेगी..Devesh Yadav Dev  Dev  मेरे साथ.
Only in Tamil Nadu:Politicans be like vote for ME to get a free helicopter,gold bar,idli,dosa,car,laptop,plastic surgery,clothes,money,dildo etc.Benchod just give me vote...Well fuck it you got my vote
me waking up 30 seconds before my zoom meetings every morning
Let me in!Nidhi Razdan with her fake application outside real Harvard University Let ME INNNNN! Bawaal
1 crore rupees for KBC - Kokila Ben Coocker related question. Rasode mein kaun tha? MAIN THI ? TUM THI ? KAUN THA ? YA RASHI THI ?
nobody:literally nobody:me with my class at computer lab changing wallpaper seeing youtube videos naughty america
my class girls when i enter classroom.Don't like this page has has k mar jayenga re tu Vishal Sunet nanga ghus gya tha kya
Paakistanian @uwais_a21 Most disgusting vegetable ever idc Imaan @Imaanney If you don't like Bhindi, your mom doesn't know how to cook it.
If you love Old songs Street foods Peaceful Places Simple clothes Then I love You
Main udna chahta hoon, daudna chahta hoon, girna bhi chahta hoon,bus rukna nahi chahta Marna hai kya tere ko bhosadike? Darr nahi lagta tere ko? SCOOPWHOOP.com
so i told the rag head keep your dick beaters off my goat
Girls when they don't get to kiss the teachers kid Boys after calling him Randi ka baccha
michelle is very jealous she didn't get a yummy hog dog to eat
Me My brother My father reading news Papa kuch paise chahiye ghumne jana hai Deta hu..deta hu,pehle yeh dekho
salon wale,pan wale wine shop owners
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security
When you both mad at each other & waiting for me to apologize first.
when the restaurant is small but the owner is creative
apple fans after watching the new camera design THIS IS FINE SCOOPWHOOP.com
remember doing this?
when i go to my bestfriend's house and find him studying lgta h..kisi dusre k kholi m aa gaya
arjun tendulkar to sachin tendulkar bees laat dey
Many young girls may come and go But Aunties will be all time favorites for boyz
what if we used 100% of the brain?
"bhaiyo behenooooooo…""petrol mehenga nahi hai""tum hi gareeb ho bhsdiwlo"
when your trying explain why you were out last night with the boys . "look honey"
When you give cadbury dairy milk to your relatives/friends on Diwali but all you get is soan papdi in return:This has been the worst trade deal in the history of trade deals,maybe ever
today at my office..click a selfie during my work REPLY
Saale machcharo ne bhi raat ki privacy bilkul khatam kardi hai Display on karte he chat padhne ajaate hain BC!
Ye Pakka paani nikalegi
me in real life.. Me on insta
EVERYTIME SHE GOES DOWN HE COMES UP
Few movies released in 2017: RAEES KABIL HARAMKHOR TUBELIGHT 
*crush*followed commented replied to stories Bahut tez ho rhe ho,bahut tez ho rahe ho salo
Doctor:I have some bad news,you have a very rare disease Me:what?How rare?Doctor:You get to name it Me:
Fuck it! Doggy style practice
Dani Daniel Got Engaged Mohabbat thi isiliye toh jaane diya,Zid Hoti Toh aaj Bahon Mein hoti..
When you are fat but you have 5 million in your bank account !
Bollywood wedding schedule:-Phere -Reception -Honeymoon -Kapil Sharma show Just Indian Things
why not share! so i thought fuck it, anjem choudary wants this textd because he says it insults islam
and just like that fox news and trump stopped caring about the caravan
i remember when youtube didn't have ads. ok grandma lets get you back to bed
Jesus, how the hell do you spell "street" wrong? S-T-R-E-A-T? I can't be all about like, spelling and shit.
I hope they finish soon, I have to get home..
main tumhein CHHOD KAR ja rahi hun bye! Mere paas bike hai main khud CHALA JAUNGA bc!
BREAKING NEWS...मेमेस से परेशान तैमूर, कहने लगे पापा से करूँगा शिकायत . जनता बोली "कोनसे पापा से करोगे" तैमूर CRIES IN A CORNOR
Plumbers in INDIA plumbers in U.S.
more religious places need to do this sri swami narayan temple of mumbai has converted itself into a COVID hospital jhandirpur masjid of gujarat has converted itself into  a COVID hospital
when u have unexpected guests
hear us loud and clear we will step over every homeless american to give illegal aliens everything
Idhar AA "WANDERLUST"ke pille ...Tujhe "CLUBBING SCENES" dikhaata hoon
TED Ideas worth spreading
100% CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
I Don't care about lockdown, I am going for a ride 10 min later:…..
*memes  I share to my crush to impress her* *my crush iq level*
CS mechanical civil
pluto the solar system
my exams after plans coronavirus SCOOPWHOOP.com
only legends can understand this..
musslamic democrat, ilhan omar, has threatened members of congress. she's told several republicans that she'll send them "shawarma", to "give them a taste of her culture"
When you call someone and they don't pick up
Tum corona ko kaise khatm karoge? Corona ki jhutti kasam khakr WHO ke Director banoge?
*Two different moods of liberals* whole year Muje cigarette do muje hukkah do During diwali muje saans do muje shudh hawa do
the best thing about summers is mangoes
Haldi rasam exists, le Excited Desi Bua - 
aao na
AMI Ee Kyy fayda etni leg exercise ki jbb tum apne pairo se break hi n lga sako
me listening " namo namo" and " kun faya kun"
SOLAR ENERGY IS NUCLEAR ENERGY FROM A SAFE DISTANCE TECHNICALLY
pull up pull up gas
broccoli is said to be good for joints,so here goes.
hello! may i please speak with jesus? cause these folks gonna make me break at least 4 of the ten commandments
EID MUBARAK BHAI SHUT UP
MAY THE LIGHT OF LAMPS HARAMKHOR! SEEDHE HAPPY DIWALI BOLA KAR. 
hillary isn't in jail, the wall isn't built, isis hasn't been defeated & obamacare is still in place but trump gave himself a $23 million tax cut and that is important to me
MERE BHAI JAISA KOI HARDICH NAHI HAI
my gynocologist says i can't have sex for 2 weeks what did your dentist say ?
FACEBOOK I LOVE YOU BLOODY... DOWN MARKET SARAHAH YOUR EYES IS SO BEAUTIFUL  OMG..WHO IS DIS?? PING ME AT INBOX
wah kya scene hai..
ये हम है,...ये हमारी अयोध्या है,....और ये हमारा मंदिर बन रहा है 
Aise line me lag k pite ho kabhi?
me :searching pencil in my friends bag!ye pen to mera hai,ye marker bhi mera hai!chamaila ye to pura bag mera hai
girl memer boy memer
if i dont fuck with you this is how i act if youre around
I want to leave this world after seeing this
"kitni seeti ke baad cooker band karna hai?"
ethnic jesus
the actor playing the main character in a true story movie the photo of the real life person at the end of the movie
Movies you should avoid watching with your parents! FIFTY SHADES OF GREY BAGHBAN
Tweetera @DoctorrSays *Mango season exists* Beauty influencer:
Couples after taking corner seats in theaters:
one says he didn't kill the blackbuck though everyone knows he did. other says he killed the black buck though everyone knows he didn't
physics exists meanwhile south india movies: "we don't do that here"
me after getting great deals on McDonald's app and buying a cruise ship and one 3 BHK flat.with the money I saved.#THEREALDEAL This is Business
IRONMAN AFTER MASTBATING THRICE A DAY
Me:Baby ek kiss do na.She:nahi baby kiss karne se baccha hota hai.Me:sun ne walo,suno aisa bhi hota hai.
3 tournament lage mreko trophy jeetne k liye Aur inse 13 saal se nahi ho pa rha
sagar sagarcasm me:i want to open a new account SBI employee:what's your name?me:harshad mallya SBI employee:
This woman is the only person living in the moment
If you think saree is homely wear Then after seen this pic you may have definitely changed your mind
offical pic of paytm girls
Mana kiya tha na Daya Section B mei duster mangne akele nahi jana
sasti sutta @vermasaidwhat " Leave your books and come to the computer lab"
14 year old me laughing on hera pheri jokes, RVCJ shit post, tagging friend ect 20 year old me finding everything crige and unfunny
Friend:bhai ab Whatsapp par chats leak nahi hogi.Me:Pehi baat to main kisi ke sath chat karta nahi
dad, dishwasher is loaded again '' ''
Petrol price hits 100/ltr in India. Boys who have KTM Boys who have bicycle
जब आप हाथ पे का टैटू बनवा के, कैमरा , गो प्रो, बैकपैक, पेनीयर बाइक पे सेट करके दिल्ली से कन्याकुमारी की सोलो राइड पर निकले, लेकिन गुड़गाव में ही ५ बदमास आपको धरके सारा सामान लूट, नंगा करके हाईवे पे अकेला छोड़ दे 
Roses are red… Fal ko english me kehte hai fruit… Gharwalo ne bachaye pese !!..."अपने फेयरवेल के लिए सिलाया था सूट, घरवालों ने लॉकडाउन उसी सूट में करवा दी शादी, " बोले" पैसे बर्बाद होने से बचे|
ABD in RCB Team
carry minati`s roasting video got deleted due to heavy amount of reports memers to tiktokers* Galat Panga le liya Tumne
jab ap cycle se sidha car pe ajain..
Do You Know 'Shalu' ? Mumbai teacher develops Humanoid Robot Which Speaks 47 Languages | See Pics
there is no such thing as an appropriate joke that's why it's a joke
esther, you so ugly, i'm gonna take yo face and stamp out sum gorilla cookies
she never fooled you.you always knew exactly what she was,and you lover her anyway.
aalu se shona kaise banaoge?matlab aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but sochenge..
agar shaadi ke baad meri wife ko bachha ho gaya toh meri mummy ko pta chal jayega ki maine sex kiya
9 yr old me after drinking 1 glass of horlicks "taalar" " stangar""shapar"
i love you but i dont poocha mene tere se?
Bruh Anthony Mackjie always look like  he konow something about you.
CSK BEFORE CSK AFTER STYLED BY MYNTRA
Mere ko like karte ho??nhi to tab mera peecha kyu kar rhe the   tera hotspot on hai…
My dream when my bestfriend get married
when you overhear some teens refer to 90s music as "classics "or"oldies"
Facebook celebrating my Friendversary Me who didn't talk to him since years
kal PUBG khelne kyu nai aaya tu?battery low thi bhai..bsdk riya ke saath ludo khelne ke liye battery thi
WHEN YOUR FRIEND TRIES TO SHOUT YOUR NAME INFRONT OF YOUR CRUSH
package in hand salary
My 600cc bike is still slower than this bike
Delhi Police ABVP SCOOPWHOOP.com
Selfie with kids
Just Biryani Things Wedding called off over choice of  biryani
YOUR TIME IS GONE MY FRIEND Unsupported year set on the phone, The application can only handle years from 2004 to 2014.
this is what you miss in online shopping…!!
Mom ko sanskaari chahiye aur bete ko modern
nikal michael vaughan,pehli fursat mein nikal... Michael vaughan michae...told ya. India are going to get hammered in the test series..#AUSvsIND #4-0
this looks romantic until she ask "who is natasha?"
Shanu Chauhan Bc….. Harish Mehra पैसा बर्बाद और कुछ नहीं …..Azeem Chawla Rafi Mohammed Nabel Ahmad…... Sudhir Kumar Well saving…...... Aman Verma सर OYO खुलवा दो ..बंदी कलेश कर रही है
rep. omar, somali refugee, claims life in usa is an "everyday assault" is she right or out of her mind
News18.com 4 hours ago Karnataka Residents Burst Firecrackers to Celebrate the Reopening of Liquor Shops MXPlayer *bevda Gaand fate toh fate par Nawabi na ghate
*government announce lockdown extension* universities: is saal apka beta graduate nahi ho raha
when you just can't stop thinking about obama
Girls who say "choro humein kya" after bitching about someone for hours be like humein naaz hai khud par.
 i thought i you said netflix & chill no i said "here, take this pill
what is the difference between an illegal immigrant and e.t.? e.t. learned to speak english and wanted to go home!
when your teacher has a monotone voice
Meet my daughter Ivanka,Ivanka say hello to Modi uncle.Nice Perfume Modiji Wildstone Wild stone..!!Modi....
bollywood script writes watching IPL:SCRIPT HO TOH AESI HO
me my career
ONE WISE LIFE RESPECT ALL YOUR OPPONENTS, BUT FEAR NONE. 
Jeep this is how these 2 legends gonna meet tonight and this is how their fans
indian serial in buckingham palace
Kuptaan @Kuptaan #RoadSafetyWorldSeries *Sehwag hits 1st ball for four* Me: kuchh nahi badla yaar Aaj bhi sab kuchh waise ka waise hi hai
10 year old me thinking how i will play for india after 10 years and make India win the world cup by scoring a century in the finals
*She* Baby suck my B**bs *He*nahi baby,main sirf amul ka doodh pita hu
dani daniel got engaged mohabbat thi isiliye toh jaane diya,zid hoti toh aaj bahon mein hoti..
marrying during corona be like…..
kids playing in the backyard
lol she thinks she's a goat
after 2 days of relationship Le nibba:- aab humko chahiye password
kal maine Amazon se shopping ki aur 500 save kiye Haha maine same cheej best_deals_guaranteed ki buy kiya aur mujhe 3200 ka discount mila tera to kat gaya arey Bc pehle nahi bta skta tha kya harami Chal ab bta diya na ab krle follow Best_deal_guaranteed Ko best offers ke liye *She Me*
What does that S stand for SIR RAVINDRA JADEJA
when you call him mohit instead of ca mohit
दुल्हन के साथ छोटी बहन का मेकउप फ्री….. Bhai Ye Toh Sone par Suhaga hain..!!
i gave you everything I know I'm on 4 medications
LOVEBITE chuppane ki ninja technique Wear NECKLACE
Jumme ki raat hai chumme ki baat hai Allah bachaay hame teri caar se
Ambreen Riaz @itx_Ambreen "Hmare wala class hai" "Bharat wala BAKWAS hai" P.S: Stay away modi's n RSS supporters Aditii @Sassy_Soul_ Desh chalana hai mujra nahi karwana 
friend-abey aise kahe chal raha hai?me-aap kabi lock down me bahar nikle ho? Friend-nahi me-toh fir tum mera dard nai samaj sakte
look if you dont vote for me... i'll just import people who will
every girl has an inner slut.It just takes the right guy to bring it out
Boys who wear this are my sisters
husbands of indian wives don't really undertand the purpose of wearning a transparent saree
Girls on 5th April @9pm..Sirf candles dekho haramkhoro..
*after breakup**He* tune to mera dil hi tood di *she*or tune jo meri s*al todi uska kya
CAUSE OF RAPE Short Skirts Drinking Flirty Behaviour A promiscous Past  Walking alone Night time Rapists
hitler nonchalantly killing millions of jews with no remorse
when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
bas..nikal gayi hawa
when the bitch ass jews won't eradicate themselves so you help them along the way
they want this not beause they love you they need to mix breed to preserve their species
name:dot age:82 advice for the younger generation.stay healthy ,look after your body,get fresh air and don't get "under the sheets"until you are older.There is plenty of time for that!!
the best converstations are from 12 to 3 am
Pakistani Singer Meesha Shafi faces 3 years in jail for falsely accusing Ali Zafar of sexual harrasment. You get what you f**cking deserve
*When relative give 10rupee while leaving* Me: iski bhi jaroorat thi, Aap rakh lo.. Beti ki shaadi kara dena… *My mom after they leave:
What do you do?I work at Google,you?I google at work.
boobs are like the sun you can stare at them only for a few seconds! But if you put your sunglasses, You can stare at them as much you want
it says right here we can bang goats
copy my homework but just change a few things so that we don't get caught
ye hi theek hai
kehne ko jashn bahara hai
#BINOD T rending everywhere Meanwhile BINOD : Thodi to maryada rkhiye
if they are hotter then you you are cooler than them
*when you go to market with your sister but she can't bargain like your mom(pro skills)kya aurat bnegi re tu..?che...
श्री कृष्ण को तुम्हारी भक्ति बहुत पसंद आयी है, मोहित हो गए है, ...बैकुंठधाम बुलाया है मिलने, बोल रहे है वही रखेंगे तुमको 
my spiderman was best Excuse me??My spiderman was best CHACHA IRONMAN hein hamare
Boring trip?Just play these songs Yuhi chala chal behti hawa sa tha woh dil chahta hai hawayein ilaahi journey song love you zindagi maahi ve noore khuda tu jo mila zindagi do pal ki ekla cholo re saafarnama khwabon ke parindey sooraj dooba hai aao mila chalo
this could be your so slide in dat dm already!
BC BEARD BADHANE SE LADKI PATT JATI HAI ISS AFWAH NE AADHE SE JYADA LONDO KO AADIMANAV BNA DIYA HAI BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
Every girl dressing after marriage at day at night
SBI card after 1 year
in 2004, elon musk and jeff bezos met for a meal to discuss space wow, hard to believe that was 17 years
FAMILY OF PRODUCTS Dad The box from an old almirah having my childhood stuff including toys adult me
Sabji to kati nahi jati,tera kya katungi kabhi to propose kar,rakhi nhi bandhungi
DESI KUDDDI
i think i've found a vaccine for being a faggot it's called pancuronium bromide
Sagar sagarcasm saif:i am going to become a father for the 4th time sachin: helmet daalo yaar
AANE WALE GENERATON KO MUMMY BOLA KARENGI TUMHARI PARVARISH KE LIYE MAIN 10-10 GHANTE OFFLINE RAHI HUN FB/RealBcBilli
Doctor:ghabrane wali koi baat nahi hai aapko normal flu hai Me: who toh theek hai,lekin yeh log mujhe ghoor kyu rahe hai?
omg he's mad
 -Dukh -Bohot Bada Dukh - Delete For Everyone Karna Chaho Aur Delete For Me Ho Jaye
RCB could have Limited CSK to 168 - 170 But Jadeja changed The Innings In last Over 6, 6, 6(nb), 6, 2, 6, 4 CSK Has Good Bowlers And Very Experienced Captain, It might Get Difficult for RCB Now, An International Match!
Sometimes I'm worried about my mental health,Imao
SANTOOR WALI MUMMY DESI ADULT TROLLS
Desi Adult Trolls Choose a Heart, Not a Face
ASHLEEL HAI YE LAUNDA? CAN YOU HANDLE A 10 INCH? Just honestbee and chill.
Deepika aur Ranveer mein honeymoon ko leke hui ladai #Credits to the owner BREAKING NEWS Deepika Boli Goibibo se hotel book krene Toh Ranveer make my trip se krne ki zidd pe ad gye Wahi Taimur ne trivago ka suggestion diya.
idhr aa independent ki chodi kya bola tune,"bartan nhi dhulegi"
WOH DEKH TERI BHABHI AH RAHI HAI "DILO KA SHOOTER HAI MERA SCOOTER." BHAAG BC!!!
cheers.chai-ers
NOT BAD
doctors extracting alcohol to make sanitizer
Muhabbat hai isliye janay dia Zid hoti to gari kay nechay hoti
Only a mother csan do this
fucking a 5 year old fucking five 1 year olds fucking a dead 1 year old for 5 years
Some girls really be claiming"He's my world"Are didi ye tumhara 4th World hai 2 mahino mein!Pura solar system banane nikli ho kya?
TUM BHI BINOD VO BHI BINOD BINOD PICHE DEKHO BINOD BINOD
what's the difference between jews and a loaf of bread? a loaf of bread doesn't burn in an oven
ISRAEL finally becomes corona free country
If you find someone better than me,congratulations
Pakistan:patient recovers from coronavirus,throws party to 100 people,tested positive again. Gaand fate toh fate par nawabi na ghate
same same no difference
"we fly planes into their buildings now they kiss our asses!" "
Girlfriend Aisi Banao Jiske God Me sar Rakho Toh Uska Face Naa Dikhe
Ek baat hamesha yaad rakhna bc GYM jaane se shakal change nahi hoti
"Desh-Videsh mein kahin bhi sarkar bnaane ke liye sampark karein...`Amit Shah
hello "Roman Reigns"speaking Aaj se aapka nam "Raman Rajput" hai
Mamata banerjee,"Khidki darwaja khula rakhne se corona bahar chala jayega."Meanwhile corona-Thik hai bhai Ab main Chalta Hoon
Baaghi1:girlfriend kidnapped baaghi2:daughter kidnapped baaghi3:brother kidnapped baaghi4:baaghi himself kidnapped Baaghi5:director kidnapped baaghi6:kidnapper got kidnapped
this one time at camp someone had too much gas
weakness of every single male seeing a girl in wet saree
living standard of India has been increased,Indian Farmers are travelling in helicopter
Girls : Say Hi and I will Post Somehing about you *Memers: ae Madam Ye Kya Chodd failyela hai Idhar
chuck norris? never heard of her
texts polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit texts polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye
give me thora pyaar
Camping with no internet no phone's just friend's & peacefull feelings.
today is childhood friend's day who's your childhood friend?
the only thing more vile than the attitude of these anti americans.. is the absolute ignorance of the delusional people that voted for them
FIRST CONDOM WAS MADE IN 1839 PEOPLE BEFORE 1839: Control….
when the topper is trying on your crush You* maar v toh nahi sakta..exam me aage jo baithta hai
Whne I wake up early in the morning. Me to my sibling- Tu kyu so raha hai, tu bhi uth
CHATS STATUS CALLS Deepika Mujhe tumse kuchh jaruri baat ka Pari Khusbu ko kaise jante ho tum? Khusbu Ab simran kaun hai ye? Simran Ye Neha Kaun Hai? Neha Hi
wrong answers only
Badi Mushkil Se `Hydroxychloroquine` bolna Seekha Tha... Ab Ye Naya Aa Gaya ` Antonia Edvige Albina Maino
Chacha Vidhayak Hai Humare
share with your friends
High petrol prices mean people will use it conservatively, and that good for environment. modern problem require modern solution
First Girl From Your Taglist
Replies VideoHub 1 year ago I would never go bungee jumping,a broken rubber brought me into this world,a broken rubber isn't taking me out
Steve Smith:fata-fat batting guard marks text kr deta hu kisi ko kya hi pta chalega. Meanwhile:Cameras Audiendce
and if you look in the background you can see some mountains…
No beauty shines brighter than a good heart
Me:Baby sweater pehan lo bahar thand hai…She:Ok babu……
"It's 45th year to do something" Dhoni: @cutestfunniest
She: mere pass kuch pehenne k liye nahi hai  Also she
Beautiful ho tum Thanks Puch rha hu She* Me* Kyu hilaa daala na
ye hamari car hai aur ye hum hai aur ye hamari parwi ho rahi hsi
The indian cobra can kill 97%of its preys with one bite Indian cobra DAD 97% Why can't you kill 100%?Never satisfied,Indian parents
rishav sharma rishav_sharma1 friend:bahar mat nikalna,police boht gaa*d maar rahi hai Karan Johar:
TAG THAT GIRL WHO LOOK INNOCENT BUT N0.1 ROWDY IN YOUR GANG
Me to my sidter when my 1.5 GB data is over bhiksham dehi
Bill gates started Microsoft with his Best friend,Mark Zuckerberg started Facebook with his friends,What are you doing with your friends?
THIS IS WHST HAPPENS WHEN YOU LEAVE TRASH
karuna karuna_parmar_ *two different moods of liberals* whole year during diwali muje cigarette do muje hukkah do muje saans do muje shudh hawa do
my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried apparently, "balls deep in your sister" wasn't the answer she was expecting
When i ask my mom to buy a dog Mom-mere liye tum kaafi ho
Bowlers with their famous celebrations after their wicket
after seeing aishwarya rai test positive for corona virus selmon bhoi*
kids when you make sssssss sound in bathroom kya kiye moot diye
Dear girls, whst's stopping you from looking like this ?
When Shahrukh Khan Asked Hollywood Actress Cate Blanchett For A Selfie | BMF Soft Korner He Knows How to flirt with girl harshita sheth But nvr flirted with me Soft Korner @harshita seth cz he don't know how to flirt wid Angel
Jokemelon @jokemelon1 Mom:So ja.. Raat k 12 baj gaye Me: Pr abhi Nind nahi aa rahi Mom: To Book khol aur padhai kar Me:* Abhi so jata hoon*
after workout after eating one slice of
step one: turn on the gas
holi is just incomplete without this sweet what is this callled in your language?
me at petrol pump : bhaiyya tanki full kardo girl behind me: ye mera samsoong ka number hai
When God was creating me, God be like - Bilkul chicks nhi dene ka..
Akeli na Bazaar jaya karo..G@*d Sooj jayegi...
100% use of Brain Police officer kidnaps his own son and solve the cases to get promotion. Bhai Hai Tu Mera
girl:he's probably chatting with other girls Meanwhile Him:
Her: "Omg i don't usually do this on the first date!" Her dog: 
Sher kaise dahadta hai?!Translate from Hindi Relatable
I don't need a job to live I don't live with my parents I have sex 3-4 times a day I have lots oif free time,I read a lot of books and do a lot of the gym Can't wait to get out of jail
when someone is working from home but you have no job SCOOPWHOOP.com
when you have good curly hairs but everyone starts calling your magie
I am in Garage but Ga is silent
me after taking all of my exams in a restaurant because the customer is always right
aishwarya passport picture sex me itna kam grade
Ramayan at 9 pm Turn of lights at 9 pm *Me
when i ask my mom to buy a dog mom- mere liye tum kaafi ho
some MFs looks like this Still says bhai abhi chemistry ki book touch tak nhi kiya hu
Prelude Pinned by Peepoye Jasmine Nehra Hithesha was my room mate for almost 3 years in Bangalore. She used to take free pizza from Dominos an Pizza hut in the past as well. i have picture with her and i state that its her behaviour to take free food and abuse
"Did I lock the door?"
when you have scented pokeballs
don't look down
Ye ek janam k hain?
"Baapu dede thoda cash!!"teri maa ka pakoda..
Radhika Apte Radhika Kaapte Radhika Naapte Radhika Taapte
public:sputnik V vaccine lagane ke baad Covid to nai hoga na!!Govt:
NDTV Sushant singh rajput just refused a fairness cream ad deal worth 15 crore:reports "as responsible actors,it is our duty tonot indulge in sending out incorrect messages",said sushant singh rajput Entertainment written by Nilanjana Basu updated:january 12,2018 11:51 am IST
No one: Indian shoe shops: "Haan konsa size"
younger siblings nowadays "ROZ UTHO,NAHAO,PITO,SO JAO."
drop out of school-> unemployed get engineer's degree-> unemployed
48 posts 233 followers 1,626 following david guetta your fack would look better between my life my rols
YO YO HONEY SINGH Named after a delicious and healty food item: honey Self made artist Married his love at early age and is still with her Winner of 2014 Zee Cine award for international male icon Has collaborated with Gippy Grewal TAYLOR SWIFT Named after a garment maker or darjee Kanya West made her famous Uses her 'love' to make new albums and forgets about them 0 Zee Cine international male icon awards Gippy Grewal does not even need her as he has a custom tailor in Ludhiyana
dark humor is like good food not everyone deserve it
When you've used up your 1.5 gb data in morning
Putin:do you know Siberia? Guy :no Putin: you will if you kick the chair one more time
quarantine day 11* me every morning these days Dad Mom malik malkin ye aapki chai
What unrealistic things in movies bug the hell out of you? THey remove headrests from cars so you can see actors better 
Batao,"I Love You"ka Avishkar kis Desh me hua? China me…Who kaise..? Na koi Guarantee, Na Warranty… Chale toh Chand tak; Nahi toh Shaam tak.
me:talks to the smart girl for notes cause i was absent pados wali aunty:wouldn't that mean your in a relationship
if we're getting ready to go out and I see this we aren't going out anymore.
rahul choudhary rahul93988285 crush:i love diamonds .BTW what's your name Me:heera thakur
Think Of A Number Double It Add 6 In It Then Half It Take Away The Number You Picked First... Your Answer is 3..
person responsible for mumbai's power cut as delhi lost to mumbai indians in yesterday's IPL match. Revenge taken successfully!
when someone asks why im such a cunt just am
Two reasons I don't trust people:1.I don't know them 2.I know them
cameraman: i dont understa- psychic kid: trust me this will be really fun someday
i hate buffalos they ruin my land
michelle obama was voted one of the most beautiful people of 2015! by who? the national association for the blind!
Jhootha tha woh dost jo kehta tha "JAAN"bhi mangoge to de denge IG:@bcbilli Aaj woh apni wife ko jaan kehta hai or maango to gaaliyan deta hai..BC
You know,what kind of plan never fails? No plan at all
the kid in the viral video where he is seen threatning a cop is raipur mayor aijaz dhebar's nephew congress minister aijaz dhebar who is raipur's mayor he was roaming outside without mask and when he was stopped by cops for challan,he threatned them that he will get them suspended
I wanted to give my dog a haircut and now I want to leave my house I'm scared
after 5 minutes of breakup nibba text to her nibbi 'acha chalo sorry maf kr do plz'bhala hai bura hai jaisa bhi hai mera pati mera devta hai
GST Mein kuch badhe ya na badhe Agar Attendence 75% se 1% bhi badhi to talware chalegi talware
Yeh bol rha hai thode se Democrats khareed ke Trump ki sarkar banwa dete hai.
IndiGo Spicejet AirIndia Kamra kamra Vistara SCOOPWHOOP.com
when a black on lmm wants to fight, but you just tell a cop and the cop opens fire without hesitation modern problems require modern solutions
BLACK CLOUDS ALWAYS CHEER ME UP
Me getting sad after creating negative scenarios in my head. tw/_chasmish
#ALTBalajiOriginal Desi adult trolls Rest of the 364DAYS ON HALLOWEEN
i hang a sock on my doorknob so my roommate knows not to come in because i'm busy fucking the other sock
proof you can be a fruit and a vegetable
PM:This is a private Meeting Kejriwal: Hajraat,hajraat, hajraat
That one friend guides you, scolds you, pampers you, is always available and acts like Baa of the group @Tanishq7
jo 1st match harega series jeetega
Ghar aye mehman Ka Dil rkhne Ke ly 1 match to harna padega wrna log kahenge hum mehmano ki izzat nhi karte
Females always wearing you boxers but as soon as you put they panties on it's problem
when bhabhi calls you to change the cylinder and you really change the cylinder...
Tag the most important person in your life
a picture of our parents trying to fulfill our wishes
virat No users found..Virat.kohli 196 Following rohi rohitsharma45 Rohit Sharma Follow Meanwhile Virat* saala jalta hain mujhse
The husband asked to be present during the process of the wife giving birth But during the process, he fainted. This is the wife in labor taking a selfie to show him afterwards.
India has supplied to 60 million vaccine dose to more than 70 countries Just Indian Thing
naa jaane voh kon log hote hain jo VIBER hike snapchat instagram,LMO aur naa jaane kitni apps use karte hain humari life toh Facebook aur WhatsApp ne hi jhand kar rakhi hai BC!
Mano ya na mano Pure desh ka DIL to ye jit gye apni acting se
Me to 8y/o kids : koi number socho 33 aur 35 ke bich mai. kids: okay bhaiya, soch liya. Me : tumhara no. 34 hai. Le kids : kya kaha hai bhaiya!! bhaiya aap best ho bhaiya! kaise kia hahqhq mai aapka fan ho gya 
*how to make Punjab kings*1.Buy Max player of RCB(Done)2.no of trophy that RCB have(done)3.copy the Jersey of RCB(Give me a minute)Done
When they said everybody is getting shots but then you go there to realise that they meant Vaccines
we all deserve a person who says we can fix this, i cant lose you.
( year 2007) sakshi : sir can i see your i'd card? dhoni pandit ko bula le, main shaadi karega
someone shoot this bitch
kya tum corona virus ho?Wtf nahi kyu?kyuki tum ek insaan se dusrer insaan se paas bohat jaldi chali jati ho
"Me turns on my TV"Le naaptol employees for no reason:
when life gives you dubey make it Pramod not Vikas
Relationship is not about who came first.It's about who came and never left.
people ask what you do for living so they can calculate the level of respect to give you
First year medical student Finally a doctor after 15 years
ME AFTER WATCHING YOUTUBERS PLAY ON PS5 AND GAMING PC ZINDAGI HO TO AISI HO
ISLIYE DOWN THA SOCIAL MEDIA
GIRLFRIEND NO GIRLFRIEND paiso ke liye tune girlfriend bech di??
Friendship goals
AAJ KAL LAUNDO KE PAAS SAMOSE KHANE KE PAISE NHI HOTE PAR MOOCH AUR DAADHI AISE RAKHENGE JAISE RIYASAT KE RAJKUMAR HAIN FB/RealBcBilli
When He Rejects You But You Love Him Madly
When you sit down to play the game and everyoene in your house needs you all of a sudden 
can we have this kinda love
*me in next 40 years* grandkid: look grandpa what I caught, a BAT isn't it cute me:
Teacher : don't write on the table! Kids in the back:
UK US My Country
reaction for men shot reaction for vibration shot
this is steve, he lives with both parents, who both work. no one in his family has a middle name in their facebook name, like javeon doingbigthings jackson. everyone in his family can swim
I hope they finish soon, I have to get home..
Aaj date kya hai? Day kya hai?
when you're looking cute as hell at the gym
TikTok You can'tdefeat me Indian rating it 1 star I know but he can Indian government banning TikTok
PUBG BANNED Apne 2GB Ram me toh waise hi nhi chlta tha SCOOPWHOOP.com
When shoping apps announces sale Girls: Ab mujhe action mode mein aana padega MXPLAYER
NETFLIX A VIRGIN GUY KAPO BIOPIC
How satisfied with your network quality (coverage,reliability , speed)  in your area? On a scale of 5(Very Satisfied) to 1 ( Very dissatisfied) 1 Not Delievered Ironic
girls when they don't get to kiss the teacher kid boys after calling him randi ka baccha
the best thing about Summer is Mangoes
some people say religion is a labor of love
Everyday and every nightkl,I pray to God to never lose you.
when the employee asks what bra size you wear
when she says "jo dekhe mera banda uski gaand mai daal dungi danda".yaar...ye kitni awesome hai yaar
12 year old me being ready the night before the School trip
remember when you needed to bang your tv to get it working? i tired that with my dishwasher and now she's pregnant
how i see kim burell everytime she grabs a mic!
R.I.P Good Bollywood Movies REST IN PEACE SCOOPWHOOP.com
He : Yaar tu itni pyari hai par tu gaali kyu deti hai. She: Idhar aa BSDK Baat sun meri tu
woosh!you now have lost 2 seconds of your life woosh!you now have lost 4 seconds of your life
Ayeshy @champagne_lassi Okay we have a winner of this meme template meri dadi mujsay apni lambi umer ki dua kartay howay main jo unko school main 10 data maar chuka hun
sends 6 million to heaven knows jews are god's chosen people
what percentage you got in 12th me:--------
*Me Before Control Uday… Control *Me now Control karna mushkil hogaya
Bohot akela feel ho raha hai chalo kisi se baat kar leta hu Oh mai toh bhul hi gaya tha mere paas baat karne ke liye koi nahi
when you take your dishwasher to the restaurant, but it starts talking
Jodha - Akbar Romeo - Juliet 
people love whoever
BTS ARMY BEST?chup bay deshdrohi
छी !!
the wife said we needed a new coffee maker so i got one. her name is jill. the wife was not amused..
when the safe word is "flower" but she kept saying "flour"
Cone* Chocobar*Kulfi*
WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY SCOOPWHOOP.com
Today is the 391 st birth anniversary of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj He was born on February 19th 1630,at the Shivneri fort,near Junnar in present day Pune district Happy Shivaji Maharaja jayanti To all of you
le ranveer singh-Main 'Woke'hoon na
When no one is there.Suddenly a relative comes.
"gun control" doesn't mean what you think it means it means only the state will have guns if you think that's a good idea you need to read a history book
who will win?Takes money from jijaji Doesn't involve sister in his business(patriarchal)Mother's politics limited to Amdawad cannot end even his own gareebi Belongs to the state of Chowkidar Made his jijaji rich Gave a very important position to sister in the family firm(feminist)Mother's politics spread all over India Plans on ending 25000 crore people's gareebi Fighting against the Chowkidar
Don't know why but I can feel this chair
पाकिस्तानी बच्चे की पॉपुलेरिटी देख छोटे नवाब की सुलगी झटें…... नम आँखों से बोले मीमर्स की माँ का भोचला..
some friends stay forever
An overthinking girl needs an understanding guy
Hey devi ye koun sa vastra hai?
march 2020 july 2020 SCOOPWHOOP.com
bowler: takes a wicket suresh raina:
Chachi 420 Chachi 840
if it's brown flush it down
look! i can nearly fit as many balls in my mouth as your girlfriend!!
logo ke dost abroad ja rahe hai mere saale theke ke aage nahi badhte
Cambilsm
what if we used 100% of the brain?
dukhi log bahut dukhi log JCB pr memes na samajhne wale log
oh, i pissed you off? well suck it up buttercup i'm an asshole, it's what we do
Friendship is..share with someone
After flirting all 21 days in lockdown she suddenly block you ….अरे पापिनी 
When your mom is beating you and says "Agar Roya to aur maaroongi"
news reality
sometimes in life, we hang on tight to the wrong things
DESI ADULT TROLLS That one look from crush is enough to ruin your whole semester
Parle G after it gets dipped into chai
When your favorite person is offline from a long time.
me, the first time my sweet, beautiful baby boy ever brings a girl home to meet me. why don't you go back to your home on whore island?
I secretly get jealous when someone is talking to my favourite person
double tap
same feeling?
boyfriend ke sath ka argument toh solve ho hi jayega kuch dino mai tabtak kissi *nalle*londe ki apne liye feelings jaga deti hun xddd...
no one: pretty girls: see, i am ugly
Indian Logic Feeling insecure in India! Go to PAKISTAN,you antinational! Mumbai has become PAKISTAN occupied KASHMIR! JHANSI KI RANI!
बंगाल....बीजेपी....टीएमसी......कांग्रेस....अन्य ..... सातवा पेज ....बंगाल....बीजेपी....टीएमसी......कांग्रेस....अन्य ..... इंडिया.टीवी
Who needs the modern outfit when she looks This hot in sareee!!
Found a house for me and my BFF
When your best friend is getting married to Hrithik while you have to settle for Jethalal
when you catch your goat with another man
*online class ends* Teacher: Any questions? Me: Sir wo peeche aapki beti khadi hai kya? *teacher
IS UMAR PE MAIN NANGA SOTA THA  Anuj patel: Vo bhi nanga hi soyega
At zoo Teacher: No one will touch wild animals Le Backbenchers:
Me in examination hall when I have nothing to write but suddenly teacher looks at me le me*
actual picture of Lil Pump writing the lyrics to Gucci Gang
what's your favourite sport's??Tennis Table Tennis
Aadesh @heyyaadesh I look at tea just as the way Sara look at Kartik
Prem Yadav Bsdk humlogo ko raat bhara jaga k khd morning walk kr raha hai
Bill Gates' Airplane Jeff Besos' Airplane My Airplane Bluetooth No service Airplane mode Portrait
A women shot her husband because he stepped on her freshly mopped floor thta is correct! And it took you 20 minutes to arrest her. why ? The floor was still wet
thankyou Helen McCrory for giving us one of the best female characters in all of television.PEAKY BLINDERS Polly Gray,you'll be missed
akhha public ko maalum hai kya nikalne wala hai!
*Titanic starts sinking* Alive fishes and octopuses that were about to be cooked: @the_memer_kid
In Ambani's wedding,when someone says "OK GOOGLE"then goole's CEO Sundar Pichai comes himself to answer questions and assist.
most embarrassing sex moment?our grandma walked in OUR?
is it just me or does justin bieber look like a 35 year old lesbian?
Dekho Oprah, ek pal ka  jeena, fir to hai jaana Khaali haath aaye the hum, Khaali hath jayenge 
well look what time it is... time to piss off the liberals with a tweet!!!
Tere hisse ki biryani hum sab mil ke khayenge Ek biryani k liye itna jhamela kar raha hai tu yaar
if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
HUMANS 20,000 YEARS OLD HUMANS TODAY SUMIT LOVE SONI
9YO me: i got a loose tooth! Mom: let's wait until it falls off naturally Dad:
Whose kid is this?
Profile pic me fida, Milne ke baad alvida..
What are your strengths?I AM GOOD AT OBSERVATION Example MA'AM your are wearing A PADED BRA bahar nikal bhopdike
*when I see this colour* Me: Chhee
hitler getting his tan on
How to start World War III
*ye jo halka halka suroor plays* college freshers: SCOOPWHOOP.com
Why should we hire you?show me your special talent* Okay,But dekh ke delete kar dena*Okay*
Mohalle k launde a pyaar aksar Doctor aur Engineer uth k le jaate hai *Engineers*
Priyanka:Yahan dream destination m dholakpur nhi likhna.
A flood can be a great opportunity to turn your home into an aquarium
mother's daily struggle to get food for kids
coronavirus my hand sanitizer me SCOOPWHOOP.com
LINK KIDHAR HAI? "LINK BIO MEIN HAI"
Ever Dog Has His Day My Bestfriend Birthday Is also Coming
me looking at pets me looking at kids
i may be blind but at least i'm not black
Exam get cancel coz of corona virus Toppers Me who not have buyed books yet
jaadu hum udd kyu nahi paa rahe?
when you get guaranteed scholarship by attending v.o.t.e Non Vedantu students : Tereko 8 - 10 lottery ek sath laga kya VOTE
hard to argue with a woman that's braless when she's already made two oustanding points
Virs @NachBasanti No new task announced,mood:
Aditya waze deshmukh SP UT Parmaveer ka love letter
nitin thenitinwalke interviewer:what do you check before signing a film?is it the scriot,starcast,money or co-actors? Emraan hashmi:
Kaun sa section ? Section D Salaam Saheb @IstikaMobin
seeing boobs for the first time:seeing boobs for the 5,687 th time: Men will be men
no it doesn't affect my baby 9 months later:
25 year old me trying to force two magnets to touch with  the same poles
Muskaan ki chaamak DESI ADULT TROLLS 
what a true rapist looks like
Is baar Asia cup leke aana. *PAK TEAM* Abba nahi manenge
Prithvi ander lava se bhari hui hai!!Aur bahar OPPO aur VIVO k hoardings se BC
dilli in summers dilli in winters SCOOPWHOOP.com
Attitude होने से कुछ नहीं होता, Smile ऐसी दो की, लोगो के दिल जीत ले
#JantaCurfewMarch22 Mom -chal balcony mein chal ke taliya baja hamare sath. Me- Nahi mom, its cringy Mom- Samne wali Neha bhi ayi hai. Me-
she asked me to make her feel special so i gave her a helmet and crayons
jhut bologe to pakad lungi tab toh roj jhut bolunga
me*online classes*me using other apps while classes are going on* online classes*   online classes*
everyone:*rejoices for the creation of COVID-19 vaccine*COVID-19:*mutates itself in UK*everyone:(jazz music stops)
AT 1:00AM others:chatting with their GF/BF Me:
piyush choudhary piyushSRkian after betraying harsad,bhusan is now playing cricket for India. *MC Bhusan
YE TUNE SAHI NAHI KIYA BHAI...
Dad's love
DON'T REPLACE A MAN WHO GIVES YOU BOTH HUBBY AND BEST FRIEND VIBES. THAT'S RARE, VERY RARE.
1234567891011 find the mitsake if u are genius?
No matters how big your house is,how recent your car is ,how big your bank accoun is,Our graves will be the same size stay humble.SPEAK FOR YOURSELF,LOSER!
Tag Abhishek ABHISHEK KI DULHAN
Mali Uganda Ghana Guyana
KAMWALI...चल अपने कपडे उतार  आज  तुझे कुतीया बना कर…Full story in @3.idiotes…'S highlights
Didi itni gaarib he ki Fata hua undergarments phnti he
My bed when I try to sleep : My Bed when I try to wake up :
India ke acche gaane??Nahi bhai,B.T.S ka lund chusna ho to bata
would you look at that this dryer comes with a free dishwasher
classmates mango bite friends mango bite mango bite best friend mango bite mango bite mango bite SCOOPWHOOP.com
Ramzan ki shubhkamnayen.Mei bhi madad kardun cellphone pakarnay me?
sir he is abusing me what you said? WTF i just said cricket in chinees
Take HIM on Dates Satisfy Him Motivate Him Build with HIM Make HIM feel special
Me trying to sleep le mosquitoes:salam sahab salam sahab salam sahab salam sahab
DID YOU KNOW? Click Three Times One Shoes And You Will Be On The Page Of Instagram. For Watches, Sneakers, Airpods& iWatch. "Followed by 20+ celebrities"
what was hitler's favorite race? nazi jews
S for Shahzada@_Modasir_writes Guests: Arey beta tum bhi khao...  *My Mom looking at me from the kitchen....
dear diary today op was a faggot
ME
Others in rainy season I wish he was here I wish she was here Underwear sukha hoga ki nahi BC
For Boy Friend For Best Friend
Mom- chal ab padhai akrle bohot use karliya phone.. Me- Asingle sheet of paper can't decide my future Me after few mins- 
Didi tera devar deewana
on my way home had a hard week
no one: people with coronavirus: SCOOPWHOOP.com
Shivani @meme_ki_diwani  When you receive OTP after the session expires- ab bata kya karu tera
when someone says "PLAYERZPOT par khelna kya"and you are pro in it
girls after seeing desi adult trolls memes
telling a girl you jerk off to her is the ultimate compliment, with all the free porn there is, she was chosen
barber shops will remain closed in red zones
when someone's looking at me while I'm doing something
Teacher in online class:Am i audible?Student:No sir Everyone:Ye fass gaya..
my father telling me ' auto wala ka bacha IPS officer bana' me replying ' ap auto wala ban joa na'
The best thing you can do when friends visit
i never get a straight answer for this ''
Bawaal @iambawaal My dad used to watch ' Captain America , civil war ' I was aware the civil right moments
*Crush comes to your house* Mom about you : "iska dimag tez hai bas padhai me dhyan nhi deta" you :-
she was born at the same time as mlk jr. though you think of them as different eras
rozgar_CA Memeswalaladka when your best friend kills your pakki goti in ludo saala saanp ko paal raha tha
when i was in high school i got braces a friend told me, "you're so black, even your teeth are behind bars,"
TMKOC episodes old episodes new episodes
How did you get the house from the bank? I bought the bank Tereko 8-10 lottery eksath laga kya
PUBG ban me disliking mann ki baat video   SCOOPWHOOP.com
name:ruth age:87 advise for the younger generation always stay TRUTHFUL
really? eating pork is gross but marriage to a minor isn't?
When your bae video calls you for first time
again_a_follower Mamta Didi ko team me lelo tab hi jeet paoge shekharmandeliya Only Rcb ankitgoswami448 Hello sir Add a Comment
Dec 5,2019, 8:54 PM  Hey  there cutie Hey sorry I'm not really interested Damn can I try again Give it a year Dec 5,2019, 8:56 PM Hey Sorry I'm 2 minutes Late No damn
Sir ji aapka GST ke baare me kya pata he?
Bulla in Jannat after bombing kafirs:Where hoor
burj khalifa daily new cases Cases per day Data as of 0:00 GMT+0
this chick can't stand fishing
jeff bezos' ex- wife mackenzie scott marries school teacher jeff bhai:
when i am angry but i also love you
SRH Removed Warner as Captain after his continuos failures. Eion Morgan
a stork might bring you a baby but a swallow never will
Random Uncle sending me to buy Rajnigandha for him without any money Say my name..
Ek hote hain cigarette peene wale Ek hote hai drugs lene wale Fir wo aate hai jinhe ssote jaagte bas chai chahiye
FB/RealBCBilli Apne bare me kuch batao I am a mystery Achha mistree ho din ki dihadi kitni leti ho?TU SINGLE HI MAREGA KUTTE
relatives come at my home Dad:beta,jaa uncle ke liye nimbu pani le aa Me:*Uncle *Dad
IPHONE ANDROID
me during no shave november
PUBG SAVED LIVES HUNDREDS OF LIVES DURING GAS LEAK INCIDENT venkatapuram resident patala suresh who was awake till 2AM playing pubg found the smell of gas leak at vizag LG company informed police and saves the life of many Mymom* My son oubg ACE tier
*Girl uploads a pic* Random boys in comment section: tum hushn pari Tum jaan-e-jahan Tum sabse haseen Tum sabse jawan
The most sad actors of bollywood amber Boriya Dono ka maal ek hi ghar m hai 3 mins Haha Reply 2
we all have one cousin who is also our best friend
Thoughts?#INDvENG Hit the ground harder than the bloke he punched outside that bar.
*when your best friend insults you in front of your crush* inner me:Oo behn ke lode
9 year old me calculating what to grow on farmville
NOT ONLY BOYS MOST OF THE GIRLS LIKE BLACK T-SHIRT THEN BOYS
Me to my salary after appraisals MPF Arey uth!
Ajay Kareer @ajaykareer Travelled around 300 Km from Rohtak to Faridabad in last 5 hours to deliver an oxygen cylinder for my friend's mother, who is critically ill. (Pray for her.) It felt to help someone inneed. Now I can have my dinner in peace.
hitler wanted this embarrassing photo of him destroyed
Melania,donald trump headed for divorce?Ex-white house aide claims first lady is 'counting minutes' melania trump might be negotiating a prenup agreement to ensure her and donald trump's son barron gets an equal share in the trump fortune. Dhanda karo toh bada karo trump bhai,warna mat karo
on ur way going to d church, u see someone beating ur mum like dis what would you do?
My parents never said no to me they said this
dark humor is like hitler some people call it wrong, but i find it completely justified
joins bjp rally votes TMC people of bangal : this is business
Bhaiye Aur Teekha Ok,Ye lo Madam Arey aur teekha Accha Madam ji aur teekha madam dynamite laga du muh mein?
felling cute might fuck a goat later. idk
Wait for it…….
BC DEKH SAMOSA BECHNE WALE KE BETE NE IIT CLEAR KAR LI TOH PAPA AAP KAB SE BECH RHE HO SAMOSE BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
when you eat her ass and then she say that she don't suck dick... wayment
Chaar dino ka pyaar o rabba Judaai
Yeh bik gaya hai media Yeh sab milke hmko pagal bna rhe hain  SCOOPWHOOP.com
sir jadeja is a cheat code when it comes to fielding
video call now video call then
पंडित guy enters the class… Girls: -
IPL teams taking points from kolkata knight riders
You're crying for schools to resume, if they do social distancing inside exam hall, will you graduate??
 instead of buying children all the things you never had, you should teach them all the things you were never taught. material wears out but knowlegde stays.'
*Aliens invade Earth*Thor:*Obliterates them with lightning*Iron man:*Disintegrates them with lasers*Hulk:*Smashes them with super strength*Strange:*Sends them to a new dimension*Black panther:*Shreds them with metal melting claws*Ant-Man:*Stomps them in his colossal size*Captain America:
*when relatives send me follow request on Instagram*Me;saari umar hum,mar mar ke jee liye ek pal to ab humein jeene do jeene do
Meme and youtube video to "binod" : sadk se utha kar star banaunga
first bencher*sir aap aaj test lene wale the *last bencher Arey Yeh kon Bhonk Raha hai badtameez
Chakka hu VS Mard hu  vote You and 1k others
Italians using pornhub premium, Indians using VPNs
come on over i'm having a party the place is crawling with pussy
ya allah raham farma hum bhi tere hi bande hai
Hydroxychloroquine
on instagram* someone:i nominate you... Me: tu kaun hai?aukat kya he teri
deep the stupid runs swallow your mother should have
share a coke with Panchod
i dont always make sandwiches because im not a woman
A girl starts walking Indian Aunties be like-"Aaj chalna seekh rahi hai kal kisi ladke ke sath Bhaag jaegi"
when you and your best friend get in trouble together
this salad is so fresh it had to live with its aunty and uncle in bel air
Thanda lega ya garam?Thande mai kya hai?Harpic Aur garam mai?ACID BC
unseenRAHUL @WohiRahulHuu Don't do everything for him, it's just a Frienship The Friendship:
me: *invest in a stock* The stock :
"Love is in the air"*Me:
Acha suno.. Mere traf se khud ko ek thapaad mar lo
me listening LoveStory by Taylor Swift in 2009 Me listening 21 guns by Green Day in 2009
literally nobody:Bhai's fan on internet:The car was hacked
me meeting school time friend Me Friends
Whoever is trying to bring you down,is already BELOW you
when  i finish my favourite web/TV series my lonliness:-maalik,aage ka kya socha hai?
some pictures don't need any caption.
naman upadhyay theextraclasses original old song neha kakkar's remix
 -5CR RELIEF FUND TO MAHARASTRA GOVT. - 1ST FULLY 'COVID-19'DEDICATED HOSPITAL IN MUMBAI - TO PRODUCE 1,00,000 MASKS PER DAY -PROVIDE FREE FOOD TO NEEDY PEOPLE -FREE FUEL FOR EMERGENCY VEHICLES THANK YOU, RELIANCE INDUSTRIES
What if we used 100% of the brain?
Ghalthi maaf Hai.DIFFERENT POLITICAL OPINION Nahi.. @f4nny.magn3t
Jitna bhi try karlo Bunny Cashkro Cashkro se better kuch nai ho sakta
what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? virgin mobile
scientist: ...my invention can create matter in all three forms. gas, liquid, and solid my asshole: you know, i'm something of a scientist myself
see? i fuckin told you a little foil on top keeps them juicy medium rare is best
Guy preparing to live long enough to watch RCB win an IPL trophy Three wives observe karwa chauth for husband in Uttar Pradesh Photo credit:IANS
*get a condom for your heart*(I'm about to FUCK your feelilng)!
a loyal partner will never afraid to show you infront of the whole world.
do you have any games on your phone?
MBC yuumbd when your bestfriend posts the ugliest picture of you on your birthday you:bharosa vohi todte hai,jinpe bharosa kia jata hai
me at a job interview claiming I can work under pressure also me working under pressure
POLO REACT AGAR BACHPAN ME YE KHAYA HAI SinchanQuotes.in
HOW to type:How I type
After changing my profile picture Friends:
Mujhe pata nhi kahan jaana hai, bas jaana hain SCOOPWHOOP.com
My new pic
shikaar khund yaha shikaar ho gaya african elephant kills big game hunter by falling on top of him
People who show-off too muc;1.SUNEO 2.VOLTAS AC WALE UNCLE
where are you? Don't know but somebody here was chanting jai shree ram and he got arrested welcome to kolkata,dada
donald trump is my bitch you stupid arrogant americans.!
covid to people in maharashtra after lockdown jalwa hai hamara jahan
Me: Baby I ate you down there, now it's your turn to return the favor. She: chhee
HDFC BANK - BANK MEME`S KE DUNIYA BANK LITE
this beef is so raw its eating the salad
Daya pata lagao ye 23 ko bhi match dekhne aayegi kya
I Love You,I Love You2,I Love You3,I Love You4,I Love You5,I Love You6,I Love You7,I Love You8,I Love You9,I Love You10,I Love You11,I Love You12,I Love You13,I Love You14,I Love You15,I Love You16,I Love You17,I Love You18,I Love You19,I Love You20,I Love You21,I Love You22,I Love You23,I Love You24,I Love You25,I Love You26,I Love You27,I Love You28,I Love You29,I Love You30,I Love You31,I Love You32,I Love You33,I Love You34,I Love You35,I Love You36,.... Whatsapp Headquarters:
me- aur naha lia???? she- pagal hai kya bey roz  kaun nahata me yaar... ye kitni awsome hai yaar
When She is Single AF
teachers in school….teachers in coaching
SHUTTLECOCK before the game after the game
when your sister eats all your dairy milk& gives you a eclairs *she hun toh rakshas kul ki,par rakshason mein bhi bhavna hoti hai
when your friend who doesn't bring a water bottle to the class keeps on drinking water from your bottle pi na laudeya
me trying to forget that one girl girl appears in my dream
whenever i try to study
Meri wali Ding -Dand Ding-Dang Ding-Dang karti hai...BC ladki hai ya Ninja Hattori?
white. Black. Red. Comment your choice
khaki is not just a colour its a promise to keep you safe
VIRAT KOHLI 0-50 50-100
A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN FROM HERE TO HERE
when u are not in a relationship buy u are having relationship problems 
When You Enter Examination Hall Your Brain - Thik Hai Bhai Ab Main Chalta Hoon
trust me,honestly boys friendship are much more better than girls.
A pic of Meghan & Harry after quitting their Royal Duties
Ashwin Sree kumar Nair Tribe of Dardanaak jokes Kohli plays one series Aae mai toh thak gayi bhaisaab.
When my Relatives kid use my laptop for playing games but deletes my 35Gb of study materials in this qurantine time . Le* Me Sale ko Bum se Uda Dunga
i can't kill the terrorists. they're all my relatives!!!
Main ghar chod ke jaa rahi hun theek hai mai nirmal baba ke pass ja raha hu kyun mujhe vapas paane ki prathana karoge? nahin, batane ja raha hun hari chatni khane se kripa aagayi bc!
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
CSK CSK #StyledByMyntra
Happy Birthday Radha
This is a Reason Why I Watch Every NEWS
kaise kaise log rahte hain yahan
Shame on Pakistan for making these beautiful girls cry
sab postponed ho sakta hai but THE POLITICAL RALLIES!!! I think it comes under essential services
ranbir kapoor and ranbir kapoor and alia bhatt ranbir kapoor and alia bhatt ranbir kapoor and deepika padukone ranbir kapoor and alia ranbir kapoor and katrina kaif ranbir kapoor and mahira khan SAB KUCH TRY KARO.PHIR SAHI CHUNO.
you cannot invade the trailer park there will be a dumpster-defend with a yeet cannon behind every door!
what is needed to run TV series successfully:content This
kitni nasheeli ankhein hain tumhari Awwww! Thank you so much Sach Batao,gaanja fookti ho na?
male vs female reaction while reading wedding vows
even without makeup some people looks good Bhosdike jaldi link de ye to meri bhabhi jsi dikh rhi h kahi vahi to nahi
When your friend finally watches a show you kept telling them about and they love it FRIEND ME
My bed when I try to sleep : My bed when I try to wake up:
Barle-G @17_Lame *When you go to a village and wake up there at 8:00 am* Family members staring at you since 5:00 am:
theleft will never condemn sharia law the muslim vote matters more to them than preserving the constitution
Bus driver had to submit urine sample after being caught for drugs abuse. He borrowed His Wife's urine turns out He tested positive for pregnancy.! *doctor
no cosmetic can bring the shine that they got through their achievements They are golden women of India hima das & P.T.Usha
Me Tmkoc new episodes tmkoc old episodes
Phone Earphone Charger Or Dil Kisi ko nahi dena chahiye kharab kar dete hain
bro ye machine future dikhati hai chal dekhte hai aaj kya hone wala hai "Shaam tak khelenge inki GAND FATT JAYEGI"
When you do something really bad in a dream but then you wake up and realize it's all fine
JOBLESS ENGINEERS ENROLLING IN SUBSIDISED MTECH IN IITS CREATE JOBS MODI JI STOP THE FUNDING AND INCREASE FEE
When your parents ask why you changed VPN to Italy: My goals are beyond your understanding
worst barber in the shop Excuse me!brother.brother idhar..*Me not trying to make an eye contact*
worst pijama party ever
This is how South Korean students begin returning to school during Covid-19 pandemic Pratik Harsh @PratikHarsh3 Tu bsdk aur idea de de… Delete kar post
Don't allow men who hate women to define feminism as women who hate men. Emmycoletti
mask for joint account holder
when my girl pissed me off but she runs through the room in her draws me my dick
WHEN YOU SPEND 20 LAKH ON YOUR SON'S EDUCATION AND SEE HIM SMOKING HUKKAH LIVE ON INSTAGRAM
Visit Africa Before Africa visits you
mumbai indians never won their first match but also never trust RCB sala ka kare, satta lagaye ki na lagaye
Erection Boner Meri Rooh ka Parinda Fadfadaaye!
Sorry, Indian guys, I'm already married. *Le Supreme Court of India Extramarital Affairs are not a criminal offense anymore.
Mango Juice is really good for health APPROX 0% BOYS NOTICED THE MANGO JUICE FIRST @gandufacts
23 year olds 14 yo nibbiya
I KNOW THE PRESIDENT OF INDIA A BIOPIC OF A STARKID
Your son wants to become Batman YOUR SON WANTS TO BECOME BATMAN
A 2012 study revealed that women are better drivers than men. Rakeah prasad The test was done by the same person who said the world will end in 2012
you the guys she told you not to worry about SCOOPWHOOP.com
chinese hackers: we will hack into indian data indian data base:
React Hahaha Ye Ud Jayega
In search for sone ki chidiya i lost my foreskin
goat yoga is my favorite sport
Series of event. #FAUG #Akshykumar # PUBG Mere Paas Ek Scheme Hain PUBG BANNED FAU-G FEARLESS AND UNITED GUARDS paisa hi paisa hoga
What came 1st Sun or Moon? Moon Madam! How??? Madam Ji Honey'moon'Hoga Tabhhi Toh son Aayega
sumit abay sumit sunna haan bol i love you bhag bsdki april fool banaya.. He* *she
LIFE HACK
Me wondering what to do with my life while my phone is on charging
don't allow them to go outside tell kids to live their life Indian parents
a muslim ban would've stopped that
She's a dreamer, and he is her dream.
If you got a chance to date any One of them who will you prefer Single girl Married women
problem with the world is that…. Intelligent people are full of doubts…..while the stupid ones are full of confidence
Didi naaraz he kon kon manayega didi ko comment kar do Desi Adult Trolls
Mera Beta Salman Khan bnega Kahe Mazak krro Baap Shadi krna h hmko
When batsman steps out of the crease.Dhoni-Marna hai kya Bsdk?Marna hai...?Terko Dar nai lagta?
Looks like the climax from every Priyadarshan movie-Hera-Pheri,Malamaal Weekly,Hungama,De dana dan,Hulchul,Bhagam Bhag
First accident with bf Mubarak ho BC...Wish you more accidents in future.
Zindagi Mein Itna Successful Hona Hai Ki, Ye Mera Interview Le
how do you like them well done please!
Pimples Zero Blackheads? Zero seats for congress ZERO SCOOPWHOOP.com
मोमि जनता कर्फू है कल से मई घर पे ही रहूँगा,..हरामखोर तू  इंजीनिरिंग करने के बाद दो साल से घर पर ही है    
Vikas Singh Chaudhary @Vikascasm 2020 is healing,Shahid Afridi back in form Just Pakistani Things
The gaze in your eyes keep fading,its really dark.noise is becoming incessant.you were being mocked and teased,saw your head tilted down as you keep walking (Don't run away! There's another way,Happy womans day.we had failed,you were disrespected and harrassed you are the victim of a world whose doors are locked.behind where there miseries lay,happy women's day) your desires have long ben a luding,carrying a kid inside your womb for 9months,to running after the kid,until it ends..(there is pestilence and pain,and there is you,happy women's day)
No matter rich or poor, Dad treat his daughter like a princess
clinic and waiting room of a dentist is called perfection i wonder what if a gynecocologist copies this idea
Original Virus New strains
Kuch Nehi vro Mutne ja raha tha Kya matlab ki pone leke kyu ja raha hoon?
islam is the religion of peace! don't believe me? then i will blow you up
how i sleep knowing i'm going to hell in every religion
you rape em we scrape em no fetus can defetus
news entertainment & arts i am greta:the coming of age movie wrapped up in a super-hero flick public i don't een know who you are
mujhse jo nazre churane lage ho CN Cartoon Network hungama nick XNXX.COM Porn hub brazzers lagta hai koi aur gali jane lage ho
Dhinchak Pooja Koi mujhe Zeher laado nai jeena mujhe
BEST MOTIVATION EVER
* a male teacher says hello to a female teacher* students: dekha? dekha?
eat have more more bacon sex?
BILLU ab humare pass koi rasta nhi bacha hai,ab hume bhaag ke ni shadi karni hogi BC jab koi rasta hi nhi bacha to bhagenge kaha?
Ankita jain ankitaaajain drop the first lyrics that comes into your mind
people be lookin like this and say merko kuch nai hoga mai shivbhakt hu
trump donated his salary to alcoholism research i see it as a personal attack
Rhea played journalist in a film and In that, she said Arnab Goswami was her Idol   On Real life, Arnab Goswami Ne iskaBeda garkkar diya hai!  I am sorry Babu
the art India has worst economy in 42 years.. The artist….
when you ask for advice and they tell you to just be yourself you want me to get naked and start the revolution?
Triupati Laddu,All time favourite
Gen 7 People born in 97,98 Millenials SCOOPWHOOP.com
Mobile Best friend Best Friend Iski kidney Bech ke Iphone kharid lunga
Bhai sunn!Hum dono 11:45 par apni apni class se bahar niklene aur washroom mein answers discuss karlenge
record black employment record black welfare record black imprisonment
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
#chakravyuhOnMX MXPLAYER
why didn't you approach police against deshmukh? HC asks param bir singh HC aapse better unmeed kiye the hum PARAM BIR
The road to Heaven Kedarnath
muslims in 2001 muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security!
men be like im finally ready to settle down
"bhai,naya twitter account bana ke aaunga to shoutout dega?"
Jasprit Bumrah @Jasprit Bumrah "Love, if it finds you worthy, directs your course" Mayank Agarwal @Jaspritbumrah93 @ImSanjayBangar Wishing you guys lots of happiness and health together 
carrying RCB since years
When the nation is clapping for doctors lekin aapka do saal se neet hi na nikal raha ho Your dad You
slipped and hit the bathtub now everyone is asking if things are okay at home
mother tell your children not to mock my weight
All mens are Dogs Par tum to Dog-Lover ho na..Boy-1 Girl-0
when my parents see me with a girl My parents be like:-MPL Ye koun?
Fuckin robot on Mars CCTV on Earth
2tb hdd 250gb ssd
Ye banda meri jaan le ke rahega kyu didi foothpath pr soti ho kya
BC..Thoda aur Teekha dena!!!G:@bcbilli
if trump gets elected, i'm leaving the country! like and share if you think i should leave
when you are pro in licking
Ben Affleck and Matt Damon calling their moms after winning the Oscar for Good wil Hunting, 1997. 
Who else wants this bedroom
Me:bhai ye note nahi chalega Shopkeeper:are aaram se chalega bhai Note:
that's black people for ya what did you expect
IG:@bcbilli Kisi Fashion Designer ne isko Model Banane ka jhaansa dekar chutiya bana dia hai...!
Food gives you energy Me after eating:
10 years old me- Agar aisa bharunga to jaldi bhar jayega Koi sense hai is baat ki? Hume bahot lag rahi thi uss time
The Guy who played the role of Garuda In KGF Is Yash's Personal Bodyguard A Bodyguard's Acting is much better than this strugglers
Doictors:Amitabh Bachchan is stable with mild symptoms *Indian media started telecasting his awards,achievements and movie clips* Bs*k abhi zinda hu mai.
Hindi Mein: mein kho gaya hun tere pyar mein,ab tum b kho jao…English Mein:Im lost in ur love,now u get lost.
If you focus on your life goals like him,you will achieve success for sure
when your little car bomber brings home his first girlfriend
IG -@Like_Conversation Daya Pta Lagao Ye 23 Ko Bhi Match Dekhne Aayegi Kya
This is second best thing About Summer Season ….After Mangoes 
#MrunalThakur reveals she used to polish her father's boots for pocket money bit.ly/2YSbrgy pakchikpak raja babu haramiparindey mai to papa se joote kha bhi leta tha for money
BIKE RIDE WITH LOVED ONE STILL DREAM FOR MANY
समाचार देखने आने पर अभिवादन करते हुए घरवाले...अनजान ओम कस्यप को देखने आया हुआ में 
Isi ke chakkar mein Tere hath se ball chuut gayi ti na
Thoughtful person questions the Govt. Right wingers: Wouldn't make you Anti-National
when you're at a party and no one wants to talk about fishing
where are you? Pata nahi,par yaha har dusra ladka yuva neta hai welcome to uttar pradesh bhaiya
Kaha Ho? Pata nhi par yanha sab ek dusare ki taraf dekh rahe hein.... Welcome to in Examination Hall
Brji Shaparia@brijrb Which one were you? Disney art attack
kuch bhi kaha...Bapu apna hai studd launda yaar!!!
SwatKat @swatic12 me 50 times in a day tyring  not to touch my face Aman Same situation but problem isn't with face
when you and your bestfriend knows something nobody else does,,
Fir Behen ki lodi boli, pet kam kar tabhi ghumne chalungi!
The man who battled cancer with the man who spreads it.#BoloZubaaanCanceri
Ohh bhai!! who did this?
WHAT GIRLS THINK WE NEED FROM THEM BUT WHAT WE ACTUALLY NEED Chl be .... ldkiya shi sochti he
anyone remember???one of best childhood memory ever
*meeting with best friend*Girls: Boys:
What if we used 100%of the brain?
cartoon image of a soldier from wwii
my dishwasher is acting strange, can anybody help
follow me
Haan kha liye Bats Nahin khaana tha SCOOPWHOOP.com
MOST OF THE BOYS WEAKNESSES
also, my best friend emma says: fuck off forever and ever
#GoAlert A pilot was sacked by us for tweeting "PM is an idiot". When we sacked him, he said "I was referring to Boris Johnso" But we refused to believe him and said"You can't fool us, we know which PM isan idiot" FLY SMART go
me trying to find a good news on the internet SCOOPWHOOP.com
Jab aap gaanja phook ke ATM se paise nikalne jae Aur transaction receipt pocket me rakh kr Notes faad ke fekk de
KUCH LOGO K KAM PE HI GALI NIKAL TI HE SIRF FORMALITY KI RIP RESPECT BOL NE BALE oh to c he jo TIKTOK and US k status rakh k uni jawan ko unrespect kar te he
Sonu Sood has adopted 4 daughters of a man who lost his life in Feb in Uttarakhand!He'll Pay for their expense from education to marriage,you are real hero sir,Big Salute
Each day I love you more...
leave no dog behind ''
THE BEST USE OF MEME TEMPLATE DIDS
Me thinking ye wale chapplo me cool lgunga Le 5mint later*
this just in caitlyn jenner claims bruce fondled her for decades
Mamta Baneerjee, "Khidki darwaja khula rakhne se corona bahar chala jayega" Meanwhile Corona -
Journalism in India Ravish kumar SCOOPWHOOP.com
lockdown mein wine shop khul sakti hai tto 2nd october ko kyu nahi??-Mahatma Gandhi
kaatne waalon ka bhi kt raha hai
other countries to china puri duniya ki maach*d di bhench*D tune
Me A Day Before Exam Unboxing My Brand New Book
Whenever i close my eyes.My brain:
when your neighbour aunty was alone at home and you were under her making her moan loudly
When you have to finish the season in a day
man committing genocide armed with nuclear weapons, gunboats, helicopter gunships, tanks, bombers, bulldozers, drones and as many arms as he can buy with the $4 billion per year america gives him.. plays the victim
when you are an IIT graduate and a school dropout gives you tips
mia is sad name someone who can make her happy
When you are your only bestfriend
when its your wedding but food is life
After buying apple Others:-Me:-
what if i told you you and i should find a bed n get freak nasty
doctor: congratulations you're pregnant * typical hindi serial actress*
WHATSAPP UNIVERSITY
chimps asking for food
tumhari copy kaha h? sorry sir bhul gyi Tiktok Pe kamar Hilana toh bhi bhulti ho
महाराष्ट्र....... रश्मी शुक्ल ....... फडणवीस........ पवार साहेब
 Binod Binod  is Trending * le me Kon hai wo kon hai wo
"Tumhe jo maine dekha" "Tumhe jo maine jaana"
Don't evershare you feetings with strangers on internet.Me:
*houseowner *me ambani banne ka shauk hai? hain? ambani banne ka shauk hai?
#PUBG banned in India , Meanwhile Indian Parents be like Aakhir wo din aa hi gya
when you are angry but them someone says " bura na maano , holi hair"
keep flirting with me i will find you and i will fuck you
galat fehmi..bohat badi galat fehmi…abhi kuch der so jaata hoon,subah 5 baje uth ke padhunga.
These are the Real candidates who needs reservation
The times of India Pakistani Singer Meesha Shafi faces 3 years in jail for falsely accusing Ali Zafar of sexual harrasment. YOU GET WHAT YOU F//CKING DESERVE
ranbir kapoor and   ranbir kapoor and alia bhatt   ranbir kapoor and deepika padukone   ranbir kapoor and alia   ranbir kapoor and Katrina Kaif   ranbir kapoor and Mahira Khan sab kuch try karo phir sahi chuno
40 years old shahid afridi and 38 years old ms.dhoni. Because there is no stress in scoring 0 for your country.
Reality of bollywood star kids talented actors
whenever we sat for a drink,the queen ate all the chakhna and left without drinking.
Desh Ki maa kisne Chodi? @swadesidankmemes
kabhi yeh khaye ho?
crawling in mein skin these jews they will not heil!
Me and my dad: whole year during IPL season
*blocked on fb *lost Rs2000 *breakup connected charger 1 hour ago, forgot to switch it ON!
that job interview was going so well. until i realized i was fucked up on acid in the middle of a cornfield naked and talking to a scarecrow
dil khol kar hago..!
very smart..$249.99 $229.99
when your girlfriend is bisexual
A moment of silence for your childhood if you know this giy
I wonder if he is thinking about me I need to reach that tree before that car or I'll die
For a second i thought im drunk
Middle class life Not getting the girl we like Not getting the job we want But still there is hope,one day everything will be alright
Is she wants you, don't worry about who wants her.
where it all started apple google amazon harley disney being human
Jab tumhe hi sare match jeetne they toh hamari team ko Australia bulaya hi kyu chadarmod
frustrated programmer bestlnd tweets reporter:modiji aap hmesha raat ko speech kyu dete hau?? Modiji: #narendraModi PM hu isliye shaam ko ata hu AM hota to din me ata
i am so happy and enjoyful to see this change! then now they have created this shade place for the dogs!! this was quick.. glad we could make a difference
the short i want to use The obstacle
When Ur Net Income is of 14lac But u somehow convert it o 65 lacby using Some Credit Card Tricks: Hackerman
Delhi Police in Jamia….Delhi Police in JNU
muslim terrorist, spy anti semite the poster child of the left
did the irish celebrate black history month
Behind every successful man There is woman called"Mom"
Jas@Gliterwrld type of weather i crave
i'm pregnant! are you having a boy... or an abortion?
Meanwhile everyone to Emraan Hashmi :[#MeToo] Mai toh terko harami smjhta tha Tu toh Dev-maanus nikla
You are in Quarantine but your gf knows How to keep you happy
weirdo @theweirrdo Netflix: So there is a ten show based on school students just like you: 
after exams relative be like Beta Paper kaisa tha? Patla sa tha white colour ka..relatives trolled rvcjinsta
wear helmet helmet saves lifes
When someone says tiktokers are so talented.Laude ka talent hai
when a friend from western country advises you to wash hands regularly Gaa*d na dhone wale ab hath dhone ki saalah de rahe hai
why you no use the door next to you?BOLLYWOOD LOGIC
Me to my Exams Paas kyu aa rahe ho
WHO ELSE ENJOYS THIS SCENE DURING WEDDING FUNCTIONS
when you shit an anaconda and feel the last inch disconnect from your soul
don't be a d3s dt3
TOILET EK AISI JAGAH HAI BC JAHA ACHE ACHE MOOT DETE HAIN BC! FB/RealBcBilli
when the school shooter finally leaves and the hottest girl in class is laying dead on the floor it's free real estate
Me: why are you replying so late? CRUSH: Tumhare tarah 40 log aur Hain.
a hijab is a veil worn by muslim women in public. it's their choice to do so
Nathu jesi koi Shooterich nehi hai Mahatma Gandhi(#Fuckboynation)
when you opt for BSc after two years of JEE/NET coaching main pitaji ki nazron mein waisa hi gira hua hoon.thoda sa aur gir jaaoonga.
and god said let's make kittens soft and warm, like fuzzy hugs and put tiny razor blades on their feet
Tera Chale Jana Bhi Zaroori Tha Warna Hame Toh Pata Hi Nahi Chalta Duniya Mein Aur Bhi Mast Mast Maal Hai
TAG THAT GIRL WHO LOOK INNOCENT BUT N0.1 ROWDY IN YOUR GANG
khauf dekh rahe ho? hi! please telll my wife , that you can't fixs my phone. she wants to check my whatsapp messages $ 50 is yours thanks
Abhishek Bhagat Admit it or Due, Ocb's Death bowing in This year>>>All teams death bowing You and 60 others 66 Comments HaHa Comments Send A FEW MOMENTS LATER 2 3 HARSHAL 3-47 3.5 58 27 6 6 6 Nb 6 2 6
this is why black people can't advance: ni**ers are holding us back
income tax savings
Me rightnow
so,it's your First Night?No, actually it's first time In night
Barry and Bruce about to go full Norah Fatehi!
mint crew of giant cargo ship blocking the suez canal are all Indians
did you know? In north korea,the punishment for watching porn is death Same here in India.Bas ek baar parents ke pakad me aa jao. Maa kasam maut ka nanga naach hoga.
close enough
me, giving relationships advices my dating life
when everyone who has been calling you racist for the past 2 years are pedophiles
comedians…opposition
like father like son. carbon copy hai na! hum toh baalti me peetey hai
Uttar pradesh JEE main topper pal aggarwla with 99.98 percentile to attempt the exam again,here's why with a score of 99.98 percentile,Pal aggarwal was the Uttar Pradesh state topper of the JEE main held in February 2021,and ranked fourth among the female candidates across the country.Ashish Belwal May God give strength to Her cousins
texts polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye texts polish with chemicals everyrody loses his shit
When a realative advices me not ot go outside due to cvid and next day I saw him in market Me - 
love school yes no wanna try?
Definition kya hai? Maine aapk jawaab de diya hai SCOOPWHOOP.com
*30+ YEARS OLD PLAYER *CSK CHALOGE HUMARE SAATH? BANOGE HUMARE SQUAD MEMBER?
In a Relatiionship With Aliza Malik Today with Aliza malik Aliza Malik Post dlt kr randi k bachy
Success actor hone k liye talent ni, Baap successful mangta hai - Karan the Motherboard Johar
ITNI ACHI GRAMMAR BHI USE NA KAREIN KI AAPKI BAAT AKELE APKO HI SAMAJH AA RHI HO BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
Carry`s Video deleted by youtube Memers and fans to youtube - Oye!! wapas rakh use This is the right time to react care for carryminati the best
Tag UP wala Aur banao airport U.P. me
when someone asks you"what's wrong?"but nothing's wrong,that's just how your face looks
chal na pani puri laga na
GOOD MORNING JI LET'S DO ONE MORNING SESSION next day after suh*graat that smile on her face shows that how good she got fu*ked last night
you are not wanted! you are a mental deficient!
my parents when i'm studying my parents when i'm using my phone
Yadi Isko corona virus ho jaye toh..Ye china walon ki poori aankhen khol dega.
day 121 and still no tomatoes WTF!
Where Do you Stay?Andheri Sahi Hai.Light ka Bill Nahi Aata Hoga na?Tu single hi marega BC
If she appreciates this kinda date keep her close
What the hell happened there
Feels good BLUE!  NOICEEEEE
govt.allowed films shooting but no kissing scene to be shoot due to pandemic le tharki directors*pratibha diya par sadhan nahi diya
i just wanna show you something comment what you think he's gonna show this goat fucker??
when a girl announces herself single on Facebook
Lets confuse today's kids Since we also don't know what is this
my kid threatened to hold his breath until i gave him dessert. he's now passed out on the kitchen floor i don't negotiate with terrorists
Students waking up 5 mins before online class dads who used to swim across the world 5 times to reach school Pathetic.
Aamir Khan in Ghajini every 15 mins.MPL Ye kaun
Desi Adult Trolls Dear Crush stop wearing black saree control nai hota Abb
can you please tag laura and let her know she has left her bra
crush :typing suno bhaiyaa MPL
Arts lo,arts ke maaze lo commerce lo,commerce ke Maaze lo Science lo,science tumhare maaze legi
Shaka laka boom boom was one of my favourite tv shows
Dhinchak Pooja I will release my new song if India wins today.BC sab is manhus ki wajah se hua hai
Every girl's weakness
DR. Manmohan Singh Tests Positive For कोरोना ..
Abe tujhe kese pata Mein samne wale school mein sweepar hu
SCOOPWHOOP.com Beta tumse super over na ho payega
when you accidentally fall in the toilet
me after eating cookies in my bed
still a dream for many boys.. happy holi everyone
You can't disappoint your family if you've never made them proud in the first place
gf; you've never smiled at my since we started dating. bf; i thought you wanted a serious relationship
When you sleep at your friend's house and they don't give you a blanket
According to Sarais act 1867,you can ask for drinking water and use the washroom for free at any hotel at any time.It is implemented on 5 Star hotels also!
always wear seatbelt,Not makeup
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
he is proving you don't have to be poor to be trash
Girls:Say HI and i will Post something about you.*Memers:Ae Madam Ye kya Chodd Failayela hai idhar
She : Aaj main bhut sad hu pucho Kyun ? He : Kyu? She : Aese hee Delete contact Cancel
Good win Last night. Always great to meet legends @virat.kohli @abdevilliers17 davidwarma31. What about pics with us in  it @rashid.khan19 rashid.khan19 @davidwarner31 we wuill put tik tok video togather. Fans to warner&rashid khan*Inko cricketer kyu bolte ho,Tiktoker ghosit kyu nahi krdete 
Guy1:tere ghar pr toilet bana hai?Guy2:ha bana hai Guy1:chi chi mere ghar pe to dal chawal bana hai *6th grade nibbas*
i love coke more than pepsi
Me thinking about my future after using 100%of my daily data
Time change People's change But my friend's height still same Tag that friend
Seven has 'EVEN'in it Yeah so?  That's odd
my ancestors who survived wars & famines watching me practice "yes"before unmuting on zoom
माताजी गुजिया बनवाने में साथ देने के लिए मेरी तारीफ करती हई ...में तो गुजिया बनवाते चुपचाप बादाम किसमिस मावे पर हाथ साफ कर रहा था |
Janam toh keval sahiyog matra hai, humare gunn hi hamari vastavik pehechan hai
rev up those gas chambers
moderna pfizer 90%moderna 94.5% pfizer90%moderna94.5%pfizer95%
bangalan we want bangalan we get..
Karan Johar feeling uncomfortable around people who actually had to struggle for their career
When baburao,shyam and raju are fighting and suddenly anuradha comes kaisi hai
Mahi bhai voh na beardo pa badhiya upto 70% Off mil raha hai Mene leliya hai link bio mai hai aap bhi lelo
WHEN YOUR FRIEND IS GOING SOMETHING STUPID AND YOU WANNA STOP HIM BUT ALSO WANNA SEE WHAT HAPPENS STOP
Frontbenchers: Happy marriage life Madam. we wish you a successful life ahead Bachbenchers:
WhatsApp Bandi se milne gaya hai na? sab pata hai mereko
Salman Khan to people sleeping on footpath.Ye Hamara Ilaka hai Bh*sdk
Dr. Batra's Hair Transplant Over 60 lakh hair sucessfully transplanted Before After  DrBatra's
Market mein maggi kahan hai? Gaand mein daal liye ho kya maggi saala sab
Bf asked for nude she deny,bestfriend asked for nudes ,she send in different poses arogya setu employee ae madam ye kya chodd failayela hai idhar
DURING LOCKDOWN* Me : watching Betflix and chilling Papa : 
Sir , Laash k paas se pen mila hai bas ho gaya kaam,pata lagao mumbai mai pen kaun kaun use karta hai
i say woman of color because i want to be inclusive of all but white women
REACTION AFTER WATCHING ANUSHKA IN RADHE SONG " SAALE VIRAT KI KISMAT BAHUT ACCHI HAI"
भाई वो सब सही है पर हमारे यहाँ यह शीशे के ग्लास कोल्डड्रिंक को अपने साथ नहीं ले जाने देते
girls on holi
*Peacefully using my phone* Mom* Chal be mausi ko phone laga
when you close schools at a thousand cases but reopen at 1.7 million: the risk i took was calculated, but man, am i bad at math
both are right choices I want to focus on my career I want to get Married 
last option left to open suez canal
Mistri of the year
when you're a complete piece of trash but sheeple still like you because you're black
Me and my best friend after having a long conversation about our life
Your highschool EX-bf Few years after breakup
Cricket Can Be Cruel Sometimes Hetmyer & Pant Gave It Their All, But Fell Short Of 1 Run
real friendship is sending them a link to something terrible so you can both be traumatised at the same time i torture all my friends. it's how i show love
Me-Mummy, aaj se mai sincerely padhai karunga..Mom- Toh kar na...dhaai saal ho gye kb karoge..??
Crush:I love diamonds.BTW what's your name Me:Heera Thakur
me my problems SCOOPWHOOP.com
ashes to ashes  dust to dust the jews just left us
"what you refer to as god is an ultimate orgasm."
When my friend posts "I have no one"Me: What am I then?A potato?
the only thing that hinders you is your own motivation
Sakht launde :
baby universe baby universe
Replies Jaideep Pal 1 hour ago Sir I am recently selected in sbi po.how much dowry can I take? May I take 40 lakhs can you please tell current market rates of sbi employees? 4 Add a public comment reply
need i female player for this game.any volunteer? Mehta ji haanpatahai replying to jokebazz ladki tujhse fasti nai,daaru abhi sasti nai rishabh beta masti naiii
WHEN SHOE PRICE IS MORE THAN YOUR SALARY
To the people who enjoy my memes but never react Aise Mohabbat nahi chali
#Comedy#MeTvBD try to not laugh challenge must watch new funny video 2020 episode....
kevin pietersen KP24 just give england the trophy please! Tera baap chhod ke gaya tha yaa teri maa
today they said" wear mask while driving aline ' tomorrow they will say wear condom when you are sleeping alone"
jewber: uber for jews
we want sharia law !! well.... go home
if you say these muslim protesters are violent.. they will kill you!!
"You have my respect,
a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
i looked at you you looked at me aur ho gayi mushkil SCOOPWHOOP.com
attacking a person for who they are or where they're from is an attack on their people and culture as a whole
this steak is so black it stole my television
when a students wears white shoes on tuesday; p.t sir- aaja aaja beta aaja
hiltler eating a meal with his family
which one to hug?tree or girl
quarantine k chakar Mai sab aalsi ban rahe hai Lekin mujhe kya Mai toh pehlese aalsi hu
This site can't be reached
Yaha har chiz ka jugaad hai
you can't just respect the penis.you've gotta Honore De Balzac French novelist Overview Books Quotes Movies Honore de Balzac was a French novelist and playwright.The novel sequence La Comedie humaine,which presents a panorama of post-Napoleonic French life,is generally viewed as his magnum opus.Born 20 May 1799,tours,france died:18 august 1850 paris,france
drives on right side of the world drives on left side of the road you guys have been driving on road?royhly
when your debit card decline at the abortion clinic and they have to put the baby back in
you won Rs.808 processing..Dene wala jab bhi deta,deta chappar faad ke
2019's Bday 2020 KKR's Welcome 2020 Bday Jalwa hai hamara yahan
Visit the Inditradition store Inditradition Pure&Original Holy Cow Dung Cake for Hawan,Pujan &Religious Purpose(Round ,5 inches)(Pack 24)Ridiculous taste!!It tasted very bad whrn i ate it.It was grass-like and muddy in taste.I got loose motions after that.Please be a little more hygienic while manufacturing.Also,pay attention to the taste and crunchiness of this product.
8yo me after my dad forgets to collect the free toy
i date crazy bikers with beards cause once you ride a beard and a harley you don't go back
nothing is better than a night full of fun and cousins
white light yellow light SCOOPWHOOP.com
Roses are red… Fal ko english me kehte hai fruit… Gharwalo ne bachaye pese !!..."अपने फेयरवेल के लिए सिलाया था सूट, घरवालों ने लॉकडाउन उसी सूट में करवा दी शादी, " बोले" पैसे बर्बाद होने से बचे|
Person Responsible for Mumbai's Power cut As Delhi lost to Mumbai Indians in Yesterday's IPL Match.Revenge taken successfully!
Meow me I meow you
you just went full goat fucker never go full goat fucker
3rd person on your taglist have to buy this for you!
PUBG Call of duty : Mobile SCOOPWHOOP.com
woh "see you again*wale singer ka naam kya hai?Charlie Puth
rozgar_CA @Memeswala Me watching my dad enjoy food cooked by my sister
When you see a funny meme but you don't like the person who shared it
She:daaru mat peena,tumhe meri kaam!friends:daaru peeni pdegi,tujhe bhabhi ki kasam!!ME-
when you get nothing after playing on other apps when you get 3000nr worth bet free for just a 1000nr on casumo link in bio
You will die in 3 DAYS nacho BC,results se pehle mar jaayenge
jo ladkiyan apne boyfriend ko baby sona sweet ya mera baccha keh kar bulaati hai voh Sunday ko unhein polio ki boonde pilaana na bhule BC!
April 2020 April 2021
Girls weakness :-
that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
Mom:kya bed par pade pade mobile chalti rahti hai "Me change the place from bed to sofa"Rishta wahi jagah nayi
When your parents tell you not ot join bad gangs but deep down inside you know, you're already the leader of a bad gang
i don't want illegal immigrants in my home district but i want open borders so they can be in yours
ONE OF THE RAREST MOMENTS
nidhi razdan:I've come to bargain Harvard UNI:Bawaal I don't even know who you are
saturday working saturday SCOOPWHOOP.com
#Khelakya ? Playerzpot pe khela kya?ye lo paani peelo thak gaye hoge khel khel kar
RUSSIA DECLARED STATE OF EMERGENCY AS 20,000 TONNES OF OIL GOT LEAKED INTO A RIVER THE CLEAN UP IS ESTIMATED TO TAKE AROUND 10 YEARS OR MORE !! ANOTHER HEARTBREAKING NEWS OF 2020
when your wife start loosing an argument, she be like
sometimes what you have is dream for others. 
i was that type of student who hated this side but loved this
ABP NEWS: Apne ko kya hai, apne ko toh bas TRP nikalna hai
let's take out the trash impeach both
when she's trying her hardest to make you cum but you already visited your favorite goat
My screen brightness as soon as I exit Zack Synder's Justice League Just Darc Movies BAWAAL
when you turn on the light and realize you have been fisting the wrong hole
Talented actors the isliye jaane diya Star-kids hote toh meri Movie mein hote.
She has a separate Fanbase
The villain : I will destroy the world The hero : Where you gonna live then? The villain:
happy women's day to rana,saba and arfa
"wea yo top lip at doe" "missing like yo dad"
KHATRON KE KHILADI
price i paid price i told my mom
Filmfare; are you excited to watch #VijayDeverakonda & #AnanyaPandey together on the big screen? adibrao Virushka who? I present you,AnaKonda
When you look at your old crush and realise how potty your choice was
muslim in congress 2019 defund homeland security! muslims in 2001
HOW BHABHI WALKS AROUND YOU AND SEDUCES YOUR MIND AT HOME
Pregnant Wife Finds Second Wife for Husband, Says She Can't Bear Seeing Him U AllIndiaTrendingMemes Jindagi Ho To Aisi Ho Jinda To Jhat Ke Baal Bhi Hai
pujara on next tour of australia
Practising my prison photos cause I'm about to steal your heart
women on street: omg i wish i had that purse!men on street if i don't reach that tree before that car I 'm going to die
All of them will be hospitalised. Only this dude will survive
CASTEFOLLIT DE LA ROCA VILLAGE IN SPAIN
Kaun hai ye GDP , jo ek hi quater me down ho gaya
when you go offline your photo me
here's to all you snowflakes out there who are shocked the president did what he promised to do
me leaving the house wihtout breakfast,ldehydrated and on 4 hours of sleep
Shubman Gill Ibw b James Anderson Sara Tendulkar:
Bf Hai aapka? Pls reply thana thaya Girls inbox Hi dear Ok bye oh attitude
only legends can see it
if your grandma's couch was always covered in plastic it's because she was a squirter
other countries to china Puri duniya ki Maa Ch*d Di Bhench*d Tune
BUTTER COOKIES MXPLAYER
Mumbai is called 'The City of Dreams..'And also 'The City that never sleeps..'Irony dikh rahi hai yaha par kisiko..?
man of the match in bhopal cricket tournament gets awarded 5 litres of petrol
what could be more romantic than this? me sitting on your face!
still i can't concentrate at malavika's face DESI ADULT TROLLS Desi Adult Trolls
kal meri Apsara waali eraser goom hogayi Teacher ki permission se hume tumhare bag ki talaashi leni hai
when one of your neighbor's goats strays away from the herd now this looks like a job for me
manik mahna manikmahna when you get a medal from Salman khan,He gets to stand on the podium
*HUSBAND COMES BACK HOME AFTER WORK* ME AS A WIFE
Friend:Bhai usne meri call kat di He:..Translate Tweet Wo stree hai… wo kisi ka v kaat sakti hai.
Mae psnd hoo? Nai Ap pahli larki ho jis ko ma psnd ni hoo? Fake id to nahi hai aap ki? 
Me watching Dora the explorer
true story What I have What I wear
5 yrs old me trying to see if the fridge bulb remains on after I close the door
When you know you can't win any election without Modi but you are out of budget
i am king of my own kingdom king is always king add friend
sad me sad music
what indian kids are capable of doing what indian dads make them do
me throughout the year a day before holi SCOOPWHOOP.com
everyone : Why is it taking so long to devlop a COVID-19 vaccine?? Researchers and Scientists: maggi banarela hai kya idhar madarchod
Akshay kumar has faced every WWE wrestler Undertaker Big daddy V Batista The great khali
where are you? waiting for the bus ok. hurry up. waits faster
When salman & rekha come on stage together on stage...
sarcaser69 sarcaser69 friend:mene tiktok pe 4 video banaya hai me:tu barramundi fish hai friend:matlab?me: DID YOU KNOW?the barramundi fish grows up as a male and after 2 years turns into a female to breed.
she; are you busy? never too bust=y for you my queen, wassup?
Some girls look like this and still says i am ugly DESI ADULT TROLLS
luck is when you love someone and they love you back the same
Duniya Pe hoga mera raaj Ye Toh Apna Raju Hai Re Baba.. Bola than na babu bhaiya,ye Raju paiso ke liye kuch bhi kar sakta hai..
Nishchal Psari @beingbania When you are sleeping and your mom says "Ye tere bag me dhaniya kyu hai"
When you upload your Childhood picture on #ChildrensDay and your crush comments,"Yaar!kitne cute the tum!"
Tum whatsapp pe ho nahi...main toh ghar pe hu Matlab tum whatsapp use karti ho Nahi main..Fair & Lovely use karti hu Arey kya tum whatsapp chalana jaanti ho nahi tum chala lena...main piche baithungi
i want you to know that someone cares not me, but someone
apparently you can get a pull start on your dishwasher, who knew
Bhvan Bam22….Kitna deti hai ?….Taneja Gaurav….Bhuvan Bam22.. Abhi toh nayi nayi hai... sharmaa rahi hai…. 
Surprise Me...Mere Pass woh sab pics hai jo tumne kaha tha dekh ke Delete kar dena
man of the year
my boyfriends has the same name as my brother as when we fucked and i scream his name i remember my boyfriend... wait a minute
Bsdk humlogo ko raat bhar jaga k khud morning walk kar raha h
you ready?yeah! War movie spoot 2 years ago.. I will get you back for this!
SOUUMMYYAA @SrcasmTripuraSe Teacher - Give me one pen: Frontbencher - Sir blue or red ? Backbencher - MAI JEB ME LEKE THORI GHUMTA HU 
I want to hold your hand laugh with youwalk next to you snuggle on the couch look into your eyes talk about everything& kiss your face every damn day
isliye mujse paadai nai hoti Teacher hi itni beautiful he
Beta,Bhindi ki sabji kha lo. Who pasand nahi hai. Phir kya pasand hai? Bhindi ki Beti?
girls will never get bored sleeping tea\coffee sighting photoshoot
you lose a lot of friends when you get serious about life and your goals
ससुर तुम्हारा तेजस्वी जितना क्लास पढ़ा है नितीश उतने बार CM पद की शपथ ले लेंगे ||….Everyone…Maa chod diye Bhaiya ji aap toh felaswi ki
"if that fuckin bastard wins, we're all going to hang g from nooses! you better fix this shit!" -hillary clinton email to donna brazile october 17, 2016
Friend: Happy Birthday me:Thank You bhai Friend:Chal party de Me: Lockdown hai bhai Friend:Paytm krde Me:
no luxuries needed when you're with the right person
Hindutvas when they find their child using khan academy to study angery
I am tagging you here So remember you are not allowed to leave m. Not now, not ever.
5 year old me after wasting my dad's 40 rupees
After seeing 20 missed calls * TUMNE CALL KIYA THA..?? NAHI 20 BAAR GALTI SE LAG GAYA THA..!!
waiting for iPhone waiting for iPhone memes SCOOPWHOOP.com SCOOPWHOOP.com
a group of 3 friends is always the best.
they said we didn't have a chance in 2016 they say we don't have a chance in 2020 will you vote for me in 2020?
ye machchar hai..ye inki pawry ho rahi hai..Ye inki pawry khatam
meanwhile pakistani kids are confused,"Abbu india ke jeetne pe bhi TV fodte hain, haarne pe bhi TV fod rhe hain.aakhir kya tapleek hai inko?#INDvENG #INDvsENG #indiavsengland
henry vacill as lord shiva if snyder ever directed mahabharata
PM ki seat thi isliye jaane diya Dholakpur ki hoti,toh baahon mai hoti
KTM & Bullet owners after riding bicycle for 2 Days Dono taange gayeli hai apne bhai
My s*xu@l desires My innocent face
Remaining T201 of IND vs ENG series to be played without crowds Meanwhile Cameraman: @tiger007__
game of throne team are thinking about building a documentary about hitler
Purpose her like this….My Dear….Lets start The day with dairy milk …and have a kit-kat break from the everything….and headout to moosha …you are the gems of my heart & present in my every Pulse …I love the melody between us 
Main bhi ruk Gaya, Tum bhi Ruk Gaye…! Basically we need girlfriend Bro..
rashid khan wife ALL IMAGES NEWS BOOKS VIDEOS Anushka Sharma Badassgirlll Badasssgirlll Google CEO Virat Kohli Virat Kohli Google CEO
Cheems Cheemney Cheemtah Cheemta @samirankapse
his wife was like,"catch me a ball and you'll get some tonight"
me trying to finish 5 units in 5 hours SCOOPWHOOP.com
remember this horn
Bae @Noot_your_Bae The Only movies based on Sakht laundas.
Alive,yet dead: In UP, these men fight to prove their existence MEANWHILE HIS FAMILY MEMBERS TO GOVT: Dekho Yeh Zinda Hai
bablu ' pandit' sharing his secret with golu
Well I know what I'm getting my girl for christmas
Nepotism Tum kab aye ? Casteism sabse pahle mai hi to aya tha sir
That moment When guests leave...
long distance frinds to each other tu aaja milne tu aaja idhar
when it's raining and bhabhi wear transparent saree and gets wet just to seduce you
we are not a rich nation but we know better than to tolerate islam so if you have ever wanted to visit africa, keep amgola in mind
the dna test results say... you're a cunt
are you challenging me?
zebra cart calcutta ( 1930's)
unless life also gives you water and sugar your lemonade is gonna suck
they stole ma chickin i stole their life
Pakistani NGO'S arranges a rally of over 20,000 people to raise awareness about Corono Virus. Maarenge bhi hum aur bachaayenge bhi hum
3 SET MAARO OK YE EXERCISE SHOULDERS KI HAI PHIR MERI G@@ND KYU FAT RAHI H BC FB/RealBcBilli
banker bank is open for only essential services customer ha,maine bhi padha hai yeh. To Bsdk..passbook print karane kyun aa gya tu.
9 year old me and my sibling with our heaving waterguns on holi
Me:babe send nudes na!! She:@bhand_babaji
*Dad tellling me any fake news* Me: Aapko ye faltu cheez kon btata hai? Dad: Maine whatsapp pe padha tha 
Aur Kitna Jalaega Bhagwan
i wish he would have said that..MP man dies after employer allegedly pumps air into his rectum with compressor ANI Updated:dec 27,2020 07:01IST abey gand na fulao maa ch*d denge tumhari
three idiots phollow dis page bhencho live II IGTV II Bakchodi unseen comics II Memes followed by triggeredcreator_2,chutiyapa_overdose and 130 others READ CAPTION FOR COMIXS
Ye kaam ek hi kamina kar sakta hai
you are my love And my best friend too
my liberal privilege liberal privilege kept me out of prison
Idhar rakhta mai worlds best bowling attack ko
When your neighbour aunty was alone at home and you were under her making her moan loudly
True love has no age
Relationship goals
h-kaat daal tu kaat daal,callaghan ko tu kaat daal b-yeh kaatna waatna mujhse nhi hoga
bruce jenner's cat
1% LUCK 1% TALENT 98% NEVER GIVE UP 100% SUCCESS FORMULA START EARNING MONEY FROM NOW DAILY UPTO 4 TO 5K, READ THE CAPTION BELOW
She:- Jab tumeh pata hai ki lockdown Khatam hote hi ma tumhara kaat dungi to kyu message karte ho….*me….भविष्य का ज्ञान तो श्री कृष्ण को भी था, पर क्या वो युद्ध के विनाश को रोक पाए थे 
Crush TODAY block me 7.50 PM As you wish Send this message to 10 Friends and see their Reactions
हमारी आर्थिक स्तिथि कमजोर है बहुत
raju seeing seeing the rank of fargan and rancho
unacademy upstox RCB 89-7 12
My current life* Me enjoying social media by sharing memes* @Ishitaroy
when you support BHARAT BANDH and someone says,"calm down, you're UNEMPLOYED You:
Me: Turn off the Autocorrect mode in keyboard and try to write "entrepreneurship" Keyboard: Ye fass gaya JUST INDIAN THINGS 
pigeons after they shit 360 no scope on your car and unlock the rainbow skin
SONU SOOD GOT A CRITICALLY C+RONA PATIENT BHARATHI ASRTIFIED IN AN AIR AMBULANCE FROM NAGPUR TO HYDERABAD TO GET A SPECIAL TREATMENT DONE
dear bestie,no matter how many friends i have,no matter how much i talk to them or spend time with them,always remember,that no one can replace you.you were,are,and will always be-irreplaceable.You have a special place in my heart forever.Sincerely Your bestie for life
k @boomchiccaa why don't boyfriends comment under their girl's posts?
baby aaj mai raat aaraha hu aapke paas Apne Baap ko neend ki goli de dena ache se saale ko Beta mai tumhare Bahu ka Baap hi hu bsdk
1st person in your taglist will getting married in 2021
ever since i met you,no one else feels good enough for me.
not really my style SPIDERMAN Far from home
be kind to those less fortunate than you
suno sabki..karo mann ki...
sir mujhe toilet jana hai jaldi jao kahi tumhrari moot yahi na nikal jaye BC toilet - ek prem katha dekhne jaa raha hu jhopdiwalo
all what girls want in a boy powerfull respect elders loves kids romantic good sense of homour muscular body
ISS DIWALI TUJHE KONSA PATHAKHA CHAHIYE...? SHARMAJI KI BETI THIK HAI  THARKI BSDK Superchutiya
romantic dramas belike; i love you sorry i don't love you i have cancer now ok now i love you
IPL FACT Virat Kohli is a Punjabi,he is from Delhi &he plays for Banglore and Punjab,Delhi,Bangalore have never won an IPL trophy
IF YOU ARE A BOY THEN MUST FOLLOW ONE_WISE_LIFE
when you're trying to listen to the teacher in your school and the foreign exchange student keeps on crying
Cooker mein se chane kyun nikale Rashi ben: Aise hi sexy lag raha tha SCOOPWHOOP.com
FCUK IT!DORA FATEHI
everyone in the class hobby:singing,dancing SCOOPWHOOP.com
there's no such thing as government funded it's all taxpaper funded
relatives arrives at home me serving them parle -g relative: ye biscuit toh hum kutto ko dete hain.. me; hum bho music
Akshay Kumar to other Bollywood stars who haven't donated a single rupee for COVID-19 Relief fund yet Kuch to sharam karo janab kuch to sharam karo
hand sanitizers yesterday hand sanitizers today
wax on whacks off
*vegetarian family* me:mere friends bolte hei k "eggs to veg hote h" my parents: are beta! Isse bhi koi neech khayaal hoto mann me na rakho, vo bhi bata do hamko
This is How Moon Proposes Earth Chalo finally he proposed, itne dino se uske chakkar kaat raha tha
want to party? yeah i'm down
Delhi Police ABVP
Pujara on next tour of Australia
psycho hai kya yaar?
Leonardo DiCaprio perfect example of Sakht Londa
he looks like my father but he is my neighbour
"never forget" - you said. i am the proof you have forgotten
full on swag
when you told her you was going to fuck her till she was stupid
rice krispies are the bomb
no more elbow problem?if you know,you know
news:the corona virus will go away in summer due to excessive heat. Corona virus in summer
nobody: my hair in every morning
after 2 peg akhir kya kami reh gayi thi mere pyar m..
In reality, plants are actually farming us, by giving us oxygen daily, until we all eventually decompose so they can consume us.
when you die and go to heaven but now have to wait for your doggo to join you
midnight video call with girl bestie
you can't be the victim of a school shooting if you're the school shooter
Dhokha Toh Bachpan Se Milta Aarha hai..
me everytime when i try to study.
Now you know why there is shortage of marks in market
no it doesn't affect my baby 8÷2(2+2)=1 12 years later
sorry if i offended you but maybe you needed to be offended here's my apology and one more thing... fuck you!!
zindagi mein ladkiyan aati rahengi, jaati rahengi apne ko sirf apne goal pe focus karna hai
tent(selling because our friends make fun oif it)
If you got a chance to date any one of them who will you prefer single girl married women
they probably arguing over some little shit
Hello Yogi ji chris gayle speaking Aaj se Tumhara naam Krishna Goyal Mandir wahi Banayenge
During 3 years, i wrote her 14 love letters in which the first letters combined, spelled out "will you marry me?''
Blanket aisa lao Jo kabhi na de thand Aur ladki aisi ptao
Uptown funk you up
Har kutte ka din aata hai
Duniya mai kitne Madarch*d hai
Today is my birthday Bro party I watched a movie bro Bro party I have a cancer Bro Party I am dead Bro party Name those friends
confirmed! PUBG mobile india coming as battleground mobile india, offcial poster released Pubg Lover Me*BCCI apne IPL ko daalo ab tum apni G#nd me!
Parking lot Motera during India vs England 2nd Test February 2001
Husband Complained why his wife not losing weight even after going to the gym for 3 months. So the manager sent him this picture
MAA CHUDANA still a dream of many orphan kids in India
when someone compliments  your english and it's your second language
Everyone is a gangster Untill the real gangster arrives
*My seat cover watching me filing Petrol 100rs/liter*
Morning sir Neha chmkdar kpdo me tum 100%banker Lag rahi ho Lekin rickshaw me kyon? To kya helicopter se aati Khadus Buddhe
Imagine your wife sitting on bed like this Hafijul Ali Laskar Then 2 mins silence for the bed
the terrible actions this all began with of one man doing a terrible job for mankind
In Another Schools. Dilbar Dilbar In My school. Pairo mein Bandhan hai
My life
Cutness overload
found this old photo of our grand parents on their quad
Me as a mother
Mitron wo rakhi k liye bolegi Tum Friendhsip band pe tikke rehna
Yeh kya baat hai period chal rahe nahi aasakti chup chaap period bunk karke aaja warna baat nahi karunga kabhi
when you ask the stoke patient to smile
oh, you're tired of my anti-religion posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
privacy level
Let's all just take a moment to appreciate David Bekcham's watch.  
BE SOFT ON MY CURVES 753TF 51RCC
vishal gaurav mamuli_sa_memer pic 1- ur face using premium soaps and luxury makeup items pic-2- ur boyfriend's face using the same towel used by his 39 friends to clean even shoes...
at the end of day 4,Biden still at 264 need 6 more runs by the end of day 5
कृपया मास्क लगाकर ही खाना लेने आये ..... आप Hostel 18  भोजनालय में है , नेताजी की रैली में नहीं..
You : *Peacefully eating your dal chawal at family wedding* Cameraman: Excuse me brother!... brother idhar!
Kisi ke sath dhokha hone wala hai IG:@bcbilli BC shadi mai ek "Muh-Dhulai" ki bhi rasam honi chahiye
Lockdown could be relaxed in some places after April 20:PM Modi    Don't do that. Don't give me hope
and when you think you have nothing to lose, you get stronger.
This is Kedarnath What a beauty
literally everybody when you get a seat in the bus
the fox is here
i hate americans more than hillary or obama..!! trust me.
PROBLEMS PAIN STRESS PROBLEMS PAIN STRESS  Dost Ki GF
me while masturbating:me 20 seconds later:no,i don't think i will.
Beta ek zamaana tha jab ham resturant me khane jaya karte the SCOOPWHOOP.com
thanks god we grew up during this not this SCOOPWHOOP.com
seeing crush in black saree best feeling ever desi_adult_trolls
Imagine this day bestie news dekho!corona khatam!it's over!
mobile data instagram reels
Oh so I guess now I have to spread my legs. Why? Don't you have a vase?
My heart feels safe with yours
Na Talwaar ki dhaar se na goliyon ki bauchaar se Mard to darta ha bas Aurat ke Victim card se @Yash_edits2
samshing people's androids, then giving them iphones break people's legs, then giving them wheelchairs
Internet to environmentalist who show up only during Dilwali:Agle saal fir try karna
So this one time, Her Majesty was playing with Archie, trying to make him say his first words, and we could actually hear her whispering " Teen Guna Lagaan "  into yhe baby's ear.
Your world My world Bestie Tag ur bestie
Bengal's Son Insulted In His Own Bengal
This diwali don't burst patakhas Be one Patakha
every girl knows where a guy is watching but she allows him to enjoy as much as he wants
how your booty feels after the taco bell drops
your black neighbor after you called the cops
ONE WISE LIFE SPEECH ENGLISH KISS FRENCH DRESS ITIALIAN SPEND ARAB
Dangerous curves ahead DESI ADULT TROLLS
arey beta,kaha tak padhe ho?B.A.uffo,2 akshar padhe wo bhi ulte.Mujhe toh A-Z tak aata hai.
Duniya Pe hoga Mera Raaj Ye toh apna Raju Hai Re Baba..
Sam curran's smile after beating his brother PIC OF THE DAY
90% of woman who wear yoga oants don't even do yoga and 100% of men don't care
Somewhere In A Mumbai Cafe KULHAD MEIN CHAI PIYA KARO DOSTO! ISI BAHANE DESH KI MITTI CHUMNE KA AWSAR MILEGA
caitlin jenner showing off her new whip
That one friend who always has a lighter carefully, he's a hero SCOOPWHOOP.com
Girls with the time machine :.i am your granddaughter… Really?...Boys with the time machine:*cycle मत चलो बाबाजी गिर जाओगे !
#CSKvKKR humble sir jadeja reminding us of CSK's position in the points table after today's win
never ignore the average looking girl in school... never!
hya soch rahe ho? agar sabko dhokha mil raha hai toh fir de kon raha hai
IPC SECTION 377 IPC SECTION 497 EXPLAINED
notorians @notorians Pehle Priyanka chopra - Nick Jonas Phir Ravi Shastri - Nimrat Kaur Abb Anup Jalota - Jasleen matharu  *kya hum isse competition ka end maane*
Rock Haan Ji Boliye Na? Rock Ji Madam Kahiye? Chu*iye Gadi Rok Mujhe Utarna Hai
One of the happiest moments When you & your crush wear same colour dress unexpectedly
BIG Congratulations..!!Dil bechara has over 85 million views in less than 24 hours,which makes it the most watched OTT film in India.#ArrestCulpritsOfSSR
quarantine day 10:me to the galli ka kutta: beta ek zamana tha jab hum bhi sadak mai ghuma karte the
Relatives Career set karlo BC yaha baal set nahi ho rahe aur apko career ki baat karni hai
Kabhi kabhi lagta hai apun hi bhagwaan hai
tag a parter name the song
When Nidhi reaches Harvard University with Offer Letter.Le Harvand University-I Am Sorry Babu
DESI ADULT TROLLS Ye bhi sahi hai..Shaadhi mein har kisi ka dhyaan esi par rahega
binod binod binod binod binod binod mera beta hai
This is actually *My condition right now*
The Fisrt Ever Surgical Strike
mujhe slim ladke pasand hai ……….kya hua,reply to do ?wo hawa aa gyi thi to udh gaya tha.. Haan batao kya kah rahi thi tum?
TH*RKI BOSS…Permottion के लिए ** पड़ेगा मुझसे ...ठीक है सर ** लीजिये . Read full story on @3.idiotes
Teammates Helping Each Other
This is a Reason Why I watch Every NEWS
MAA WOH DEKHO AIRTEL WALI BANDI JIO KA SIM PHENK KE MAAR SAALI KO
she-mera dil bhot bada hai shona..! He- i know babe.. Tabhi toh tumhe 38 number ka B*a lagta hai... She- *BC hawas ki Pujari*
Height of being single!Mee and my wife
my list of reasons why I'am not getting into a relationship
Haa! Rahul sun! kal schoolme aayega to open - drive me Gta vice city lete aana
when the whole night you waited for chrush reply
Never underestimate the innocent looking wife She can be best seductress you will come across Desi Adult Trolls
Mitron…PUBG ban karu… ya TikTok..??
Tumhare dil ka hotspot on hai sayad kyoki mere dil ka wifi bar bar connect hua ja rha he
*Houseparty notifications Hello ji.
when your ex ask you for help
Arey mohubbat hai isliye jaane diya Maid hoti toh baho main hoti
kya tum corona virus ho?Wtf Nahi kyu?Kyu ki tum ek Insaan se dusre Insaan se paas bohat jaldi Chali jati ho
English vs Indian
dude you've got the ugliest dog i've ever seen
i love pudding pudding my dick where it doesn't belong
Aaaaaah... Kadak Hain
Shout out to all the dads that be eating like this so their kids can eat  at the table at home
Nibba be like: no female can control me! 4 years later:
Date hoti sabke paas hai, batata joi nahin SCOOPWHOOP.com
When your friends say us gandi shakl vale ldke ne bhi gf bna li and you are still single
thank god we grew up listening this DUS BHANE LYRICAL not this DUS BHANE 2.0 BAAGHI 3  SCOOPWHOOP.com
Jaanu, buy me a ring. -BC Chut na chuchi baatein uchi uchi
the flavor in this dish was nonexistent customers started a religion just to believe it was there
Beta agle janam mai kya banoge Chipkali banuga saasu maa chipkali Arry Beta Aise kyu bol rahe ho Bc kyuki eke chipkali hi h jis se apki beti darti ha
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny Bumrah death overs me run dega nahi SCOOPWHOOP.com
Impossible How to say impossible Emma saying 360 views 3 years ago 360 people after this video: Impossible
#MeToo
oh, you're tired of my anti-trump posts? why don't you pray for me to stop?
DAD ARE WE IRISH? SHUT UP AND FINISH YOUR WHISKEY.
hitler looking sad af
THIS IS YOUR WEEKLY REMAIDER THAT VISHNU WHO WAS FALSELY ACCUSED OF RAPE AND SPENT 20 YEARS  IN JAIL IS STILL JOBLESS AND DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO START LIFE AGAIN 
humne unse pucha, apke dil me jane ka rasta kidhar hai wo tange faila ke boli aa ghus ja Bsdk
i grew up in a household where talking back got your ass whooped
kon hai hai ye log kaha se ate hai ye log
Real story of my bestie:On social media In home
the face your belly make when you see junk food
SCOOPWHOOP.com Finally, i can afford iPhone 6
Shah Rukh Khan "Never take someone's feeling for granted, you never know how much courage that they took to show it to you."
girls on 5th april @9pm...sirf candles dekho haramkhoro...
I AM NOT A MAGICIAN BUT I KNOW YOU MASTURBATED IN THIS WEEK
crush:i like innocent boys ne:me ladki ko achhi nazar se dekhta hun
who's a good speaker? yeah, you're a good speaker
*Maths wale sir ki bss chut gyi aaj wo pkka nhi aaynge* Meanwhile Maths wale sir: @wining_looser
Jio Airtel Voda SCOOPWHOOP.com
Me:haan papa graphics card important hai padhai ke liye
You after typing "Leave me alone"
me and my best friend don't impress people we insult them
"Even if I Roam Nude Nobody has the right to rape me"
AIR DROP FOR GIRLS
a mate just told me that when turned upside down, the chigago bulls logo looks like a robot voilating a crab. i can't unsee it now
how guys chill after a long day creating tiktok videos
when you just can't move on 32 DEC 2019 A30 KHARTOUM AIRPORT PASSPORT SCOOPWHOOP.com
Shanu Chauhan Bc….. Harish Mehra पैसा बर्बाद और कुछ नहीं …..Azeem Chawla Rafi Mohammed Nabel Ahmad…... Sudhir Kumar Well saving…...... Aman Verma सर OYO खुलवा दो ..बंदी कलेश कर रही है
my first act? getting rid of the smell he brought to the house
Teacher makes Triangle and ask " prove this is a triangle". *My mind : Andha hai kya L@ude
How middle class are you?Me-Meri facewash khatam hone k bad
In Search Of Gold We Lost The Diamond
get back in that oven you racist white bitch
First person from your Taglist
university:we'll take exams online. Students who are very much aware of university's efficiency: muh se moongfali toot nahi rahi hai gaand se akhrott todega kya?
CYBERPUNK
terrorism is just part and parcel of living in a big city. sadiq khan london mayor tokyo: over 13 million people no islamic terrorism
lisa page admits obama's doj ordered fbi not to charge hillary clinton in email scandal... hi i'm barrack obama and my ass is grass
me, when I see sunset everytime
in my country i am forced to keep my mouth shut here i am free to talk trash about this country in hopes that it can change into a country where i am forced to keep my mouth shut
i wanna see the most fucked up meme. lets see what you got
Saala yeh 2020 kaahe khatam nhi hota be SCOOPWHOOP.com
5 YEAR LATER
buy her a dress only to undress her just emraan hashmi things
is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
OMG she's literally me OMG he's literally me
when you hit caPS LOCK MID SENTENCE
texts polish with chemicals nobody bats an eye texts polish with chemicals everybody loses his shit
"Im not "HANDSOME",But i can give my "HAND"To "SOME" One who need help beauty is in heart,not on face
Modi ji: we need to apply "population contral law" .suggest me some good slogans… me: दो बच्चे है मीठी खीर उस से ज्यादा बवासीर
Never  DM a girl mid day.The best time to slide in the DMs is late at night when she laying in bed, realizing how single & lonely she is
भारतीय हिन्दू वामपंथी दल…Right wing comunist party 
बोर्डिंग स्कूल से भागते हुए पकड़े गए थे Karan johar , Twinkle khanna से करते थे प्यार Aakash Dewri : And then he watched Mela' and decided to be gay.
mere college me mote boob wali ladki ka naam kya hai WAAH BHOSDIKE WAAH 
who's a birthday girl? you're a birthday girl
Kya Karte ho? Logo ko khush karta hu ! Ek Raat ka kitna? Abe memer hu BDSk !
This is how these 2 legends gonna meet tonight and this is how their fans
मालिक भोसड़ीवाले मुझे नेहला
Celebs are posting their selfie with sanitary pad to promote "Padman"Thank god,PR team of "Vicky Donar"wasn't this creative back then
wives in front of the world wives in front of husband dulhan bani dayan
normal people after a tragedy me : oh man these memes are going to be fucking great
When your wife kicks you out of the house But you have three more wives
prem yadav bsdk tumlogo ko raat bhar jaga k khud morning walk kr raha h
My GF after buying Branded products at 70-90% discount on AJIO sale!! Sher ke muh mein abb khoon lag chuka hai *Link in bio*
Anushka:I want to see RCB on top of the table at least once.Virat Kohli:
i don't understand your specific kind of stupid but i do admire your total commitment to it
There's always that one girl in a class...
Punctuations are important,but spaces are even more important Mother slap,Public school
president trump accused of sexual assault right before the election clarence thomas accused sexual harassment right before the election right before getting voted in by the senate roy moore accused of sexual assault right before senate election in alabama brett kavanaugh accused of sexual assault right before getting voted in by the senate still convinced that the accusers are telling the truth? bret e macgregor monday at 8:34 pm
AB BOLNA MC
sab kuch ud gaya perfume reh gaya jeans/belt/sleeve/underwear & stand andhi hai kya love di
kisne socha tha ye launda deepika le jaega...
FU amazom
Yakeen nahi ho raha ki aese hi thand me 7 bje uth kar Naha Dho Kar Hum School Chale Jaate The 
He is surely thinking about other girls...Bc jb mai kuch krta hi nhi hu IPL matches me,phir na jane log mujhe itna badnaam q kiye huye hain??
Her: I forgot my wallet Him: okay then just look how I eat
Man karta he tum koi esa (password)lagau ki koi tumhe dekhe to pehle (OTP)mere pass aaye
which mobile are you using now?
FALL IN LOVE WITH SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T MAKE YOU THINK LOVE IS HARD. THISWALLWASBORINGME 
not_shubham14 @mentally_dank Kids at Marine Drive 21 years Single me
after eating one oereo after all... why not? why shoudnt't i eat the whole box
I think rashed is not being honest...Rashed,23
coolesy cake ever
Deva first time meme post kiya hai react milenge na..
I was at the bank yesterday before they closed and the teller was handing out these.The man in front of me smiled and winked and as he gave it back said "Oh I need a MUCH bigger one than this"The teller said"No sir.It goes on your finger for the ATM."i died!!
आरोग्य सेतु का मुद्दा चर्चा आते ही | कंगना राणावत गूगल पर सर्च कर रही है आरोग्य सेतु किस नदी पर बना है ?
Aap muskura kyun rhe hai?Pay attention to the class..Mere baare me itna mat socho Attendance k liye aata hu Padhai k liye nhi
school memories..
arey Bhai Bhai Bhai Bhai..aap bhi
when the weed hits you hard
Maine aapko meme de diya hai
When Someone Asks About MS Dhoni's Fitness, Show them This Full-Length Dive MS Dhoni is fitter than many players who are younger than him
Toilet-Ek prem katha un laundon ko samarpit jo apna PREM Toilet me hi baha dete h BC
When you have 1000 in your atm but you press 10,000 to see if any miracle can happen Atm be like : oo..bsdk
Nothing happened in Lanka yesterday. Only few trees were uprooted and crowa were killed.
WHEN YOU CAN'T REMEMBER THE WORD 'AQUARIUM' LIQUID ZOO
democrats, 1961 ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country democrats, 2018 free sh*t!
digital toh woh apka boyfriend hai.. 13yrs old nibbi abey saale bf nahi patti hai woh mere
rohitsharma45 virat no users found. Virat.kohli 51 mutual 82m followers 196following suggested rohi rohitsharma45 rohit sharma follow meanwhile virat*saala jalta hain mujhse
"if a dishwasher wore pants, would it wear them like this or like this"
Stepmom of Alia Bhatt
Optimist the glass is half full Pessimist the glass is half empty Delhiite the glass is not visible SCOOPWHOOP.com
Aaloo ke paranthe is the best breakfast Omelette is the best breakfast BONK Paranthe Omelette Poha
trump supporters "farmers" storming capitol bill
if you have a problem with me..call me if you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
me-(shooting while playing pubg)"motherboard pados wale ghar mein baitha hai,ga*d par goli maar" my neighbour*
Girls after reading desi adult trolls memes
weirdo @theweirrdo Girls: I wore this yesterday and now I don't have anything to wear for the party. Boys for 8 years:
@_subii_ exhausted pigeon boys make 3 friends at 16 and decide , yes that's enough socialising for the rest of my life  
"come here, i need's to smack the stupid out of you"
When you see a lit meme but accidentally refresh the page while scrolling and never see it again ab milta hi nahi hai, pata nahi kahan hai
school memories Main tumhe barbaad kar dungi Main barbaad hona chahta hu
SABSE BADA JHOOT BHAI RASTE MEIN HUN BUSS 5 MINUTE MEIN POHONCH RAHA HUN "THE FRISKIES" FB/RealBcBilli
stop editing your pics. what if you go missing? how are we gonna find you if you look like barbie on fb and chupacabra in real life?
using whatsapp for texting   using insta DMs for texting
no means no unless she says yes then it's on
farhan has to follow rancho and virus has always been after us BUT this time  he bloody cought up. BUT-ALL IS WELL and the covid will be in the WELL soon. though this is one place we don't want raju in. thank you for all the love i am recuperating well. 
yt mein saare GTA ke videos mein "all we had to do was follow the damn train cj"comment kar deta hoon.funny lagega
different type of man once a remain always a remain
one more trophy loading this season
barber:what kinda cut you want?guy: ever played minecraft?barber:say no more fuam
Me looking at the F my kid received on the math homework I helped him finish
people SCOOPWHOOP.com
single committed married crying while listening to arjit's songs
A 49 years old M.Yoganathan is a bus conductor who has planted 3 lakh trees using his own income.REAL ENVIRONMENTALIST
Girls after collecting 30 good photos of themselves Ask me a question Type something.....
87. Kanpur Lokesh Rahul commonly known as KL Rahul is related to which of the following sports? A. Cricket B. Basketball C. Tennis D. Badminton E. Volleyball
Importance of doing squart daily
*aur yeh sochta hai mujhe kuch kaam hoga isiliye iska message seen nahi kr rhi*Just Indian Things
Expert was called that day!
2 overs ,8 runs,2 wickets,when Russell and Karthik were at the crease.Men of the match for tonight.Boom-Boom and thunderbolt pair is the best thing that happened to Mumbai recently.Incredible!
Perfect Jan Siebelink Vera
 i am a soldier,i fight where i am told,and i win where i fight.This movie is gonna break records Teaser out now,link in bio "Major The Film"
Couples after taking corner seats in threatres
how i feel when i have to scroll down the year i was born
how you like me now ?
the reasons why girls raise their one leg
आत्मनिर्भर बन लवडे
This man gave up a whole kingdom for his girl and you wanna settle for a guy who flirts with other girls?
WHEN YOU BLOCK HIM WHILE HE IS STILL TYPING
H A R S H @ple_by_two Yesterday my ex uploaded a pic So I changed my username to '@nobody' and liked her photo, So she could get a notification "nobody liked your photo" I not study IIT but IIT study me
*In KBC* *Contestant says 'i quit' just after listening to question* Amitabh Bachchan:-aapsan de rahe the, maadarchod
EXAM KE EK RAAT 2 HI LOG SUKOON KI NEEND SOTE HAIM 1]  TOPPER JISKO SAB KUCH AATA HAI 2] WOH JISKO KUCHH NHI AATA HAI BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
बड़े मिया ......छोटे मिया
Girls be like Upload picture with caption."Look me in the eyes"
catch me outside how bout dat i'll catch my damn self outside
akeli na bazaar jaya karo.. g@*d sooj jayegi..
Sir-iss Sunday ko extra class rakhege Me-TUSSI GAAND MARAO
when you flirted with him because you were bored and now he's sending you good morning texts Main isme phasti jaa rahi hoon...
when they know you got a drug problem so they give you a gift card instead of cash but they don't know how the dope game is played!?
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
first week of relationship
*class starts at 8:00am* *Girls entering at 8:01*:OMG the teacher is gonna be so mad at me *Boys entering at 9:30*:
the wall after standing 100 over the wall 5 minutes into bengaluru's traffic!
*When small kids start speaking* Bhai ka, baap ka, dada ka sabka nam bolega re tera bachha
you are under arrest!You are under arrest!Koi sense hai iss baat ka?
the boys whose ex's name was Shweta watching her name all over the social media
Ravi Gupta @RaviGuptaa01 Me: Yeh T-Shirt Kitni Ki Hai Shopkeeper: 200 Me: 150 rupaye me doge Shopkeeper: OKay lelo Me: Mene 100 kyu nhi bola
We live in a society
how women win an argument
Superman: flies  Wonder woman: Flies  Flash: already there Batman:
when you and ya classmate are hiding from the school shooter, but you wanna die so you sneeze to get his attention hehehehehe my bad guys
and the winner of this year's award for ' worst nest ever' goes to....
Pay-Toilet शौचालय  Short-5..long- 10…INN
when you and your homie load each other's dishwashers
Missions Destroying the city Me playing GTA
married by accident: injured groom wears nothing but just a pair of shorts on his wedding
me you
Bf asked for nude she deny,best friend asked for nudes she send in different poses.Arogya setu employee Ae Madam Ye Kya Chodd Failayela Hai Idhar
kaafi failaa hua business hai
maturity is when you realise why he used snake in this song
american cops when they graduate police academy let the black man come forth! let murder be done upon him!
fuckeddupkidtoo DA LIT
pakistani actor fahad mustafa is deepika padukone with beard and you can't unsee this now
Main to tere ko Van Maanush smjhta tha...Tu toh Dev Maanush nikla re.
when you drop your care package and someone else takes all the loot
On Instagram* Someone: I  nominate you Me: Tu kaun hai? Aukat kya he tera
TPI @ThePeevedIndian BOLA THA NA BHAI PEHLA MATCH MAT JEENA... BINA THOOK LAGAYNGE MARENGE FIR...
Daya Pata lagao Ye 23 ko bhi match dekhne aayegi kya
रिहाना हरियाणा के चतर सिंह जाट की लड़की, जिसकी सरसा में १०० एकर जमीन ! इसिलय उनका नाम हरियाणा के नाम पे पड़ा ! थैंक यू रिहाना 
rev al sharpton that kid was 17 black and unarmed
Celebrity Bohot bade celebrity phir aate hain "BINOD"
BC COLLEGE MEIN COUPLE ITNE ZAIDA HOGAY HAIN KI CAFETERIA MAIN JUICE LENAY JAO TU...WOH GLASS MEIN EK KI JAGAH DO STRAW DAL DETA HAI IG: @bcbilli
Orange Rasna guy when asked "double apple mint piyega na?"
Muffadal Vohra @muffadalv. 53s Maiden IPL century for Devdutt Padikkal, his best IPL knock. For the first time in 12 years  a guy not named Chris gayle,Virat Kohli and AB De Villiers has scored a century for RCB. The way he attacked the bowlers was just wonderful, totally fluent innings.
MONITOR : ENGLISH TEACHER IS ABSENT SO WE HAVE A FREE PERIOD MATHS TEACHER:
middle class boys don'y have girlfriends. beceause there is no girl in the world who can be happy after drinking 5 ruppes tea
TELL SOMETHING AS USELESS AS THIS SCOOPWHOOP.com
kya bolti public,bole to takleef amul macho pehn ke nacho kab ka cowin pe jaa raha,mera to OTP hi nai aa raha..aata hai to slot booked mein jaa raha..
native speakers will NEVER understand do you know how frustrating it is to have to translate everything in my head before i say it? do you even know how smart i am in spanish?
there are two types of girls Which one you like
neha introducing tony to the music industry
animal lovers in mirzapur series hirni lover sher lover dog lovers
When you treid a WWE move on your brother just for fun but now he is not moving
saaley mera hi maal chura kar mujhe bech raha hai
the selfie we want from our crush
Papa:beta kuch kr lia kro aur upar se itne kharche Mee: sher pala hai.karcha to hoga hi Dad:
Kya Apka Accident Hua Hai...? Nahi main, Daily Car Ko Aise Hi Park Karke Bahar Aata hun...!
pyar shadhi dosti
literally nobody: lord shardul thakur to english batsmen:
this is what rich white trash looks like and it's time to take out the trash!
how she describes your dick while y'all are dating vs. after y'all break up
congratulations! boy or girl?
Rhea played Journalist in a Film and in That,she Said Arnab Goawami is her idol In reallife,Arnab Goswami ne iska beda gark kar diya hai!I AM SORRY BABU
Agar cinema hall mere baap ka hota 
when your homie throws a heart react on your status just fucking kiss me, man
let me in! nidhi razdan with her fake application outside real harvard university let me innnnn! Bawaal
kya logi?Beer?Main nahi peeti To fir cold-drink?I mean main beer nahi peeti.Whiskey lungi
calm down calm down
IIPL Cameraman during other matches IPL cameraman during CSK matches
Pehredaar piya ki aired its first episode on Monday.It tells the story of an adult girl falling in love and getting married to a 9 years old kid.Kids after watching this show
baby khujli hori h*khujla do jraa* hnn bss yhii pe*hnn thoda right bss yhiii*
Me: " If i get drunk please take care of me" My friends:
Tik tok tiktok inc.contains ads In-app purchases Install I see this as an absolute win!
7 in 10 people in prison are registered democrats when you can't beat trump with law abiding citizens you enlist felons..
This man proves life can be easy af
"BAS EK BAAR ENGINEERING COMPLETE HO JAYE FIR LIFE ME AISH HI AISH H" …... 5 Years Later...डॉक्टर की बाइक से पेट्रोल चुराते इंजीनियर गिरफ्तार .
Technique hi galat hai tumhari
everytime oneplus launches a phone 1+MSM 1351 1+MSM 1351 MSM 1351
He's still typing? He must be writing a book… Where the fuck is that emoji?
my father is my 1st teacher ,hero and love!
Wow,this is literally me
this boys to memers: B***diwalon Har Match Ke Baad Haari Hui Team Ka T-shirt Pehna Dete Ho
Single Hu @singlehaqse Me Playing With Royal Pass Players #pubg
nan
Corona Virus after u have #Patanjaki's #Coronil- Baba Ramdev friend's on WhatsApp group right now #CORONIL party dehi
Love marriage with parents support is awesome
essa kon holi celebrate karta he bhai
MOM - YOUR COUSINS ARE COMING AND THEY WILL SLEEP IN YOUR ROOM ME -
if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
can you do me a favour?sure,what's up? Of course,mujhe toh koi kaam hi nahi hai.
Roses are red In desert you can find sand dunes DJ stops playing music at IPL match fearing Anu Malik copying his tunes
Why don't you come school yesterday? My dad is in hospital After A Week Is your dad still in hospital? Yes! He's A doctor
When you're suffering from Piles,But your girlfriend wants to sleep with you!
Get a gf who can do both DESI ADULTS TROLLS
DEKHO... AISE MAIN IRONMAN KA FAN HU PAR YAAR YAHA MAIN PIGHAL GAYA...
tu jaa ye scheme tere liye nahi hai
everyone waiting for the new task
लास्ट ३ महीने सोशल मीडिया से पूरी दूर रहा, न fb न व्हाट्सप्प न ही ट्विटर | न्यूज़ चॅनेल देखे जमाना हुआ | अब वापस आया तो बिश्वास नहीं हो रहा ये देखकर की मोदीजी को किसी ने किडनैप कर लिया और उनकी जगह रविंद्रनाथ टैगोर पीएम बन बैठे है |
govt to final year mbbs students and fresh interns; aaja aaja beta aaja
JUST INDIAN THINGS *free trial gets over* Netflix: Maalik, aage ka kya socha hai? @SarcAyushtic
NEXT DAY AFTER HAVING TEEKHI PANI PURI
When you wake up late and mom says "tum soye hue the, isliye tumhari chai nahi banayi" @harami.normie
FB/RealBCBilli Thoda dhyan se BC koi mann chala gaand na maar jaaye
everything reminds me of suez canal.
girls 10 yeaer challenge be like scarlett liked and commented on post liked by desi_saree_shoutout and 1,978 others desi_adult_trolls ye kab caterpillar ka butterfly hogaayi
when you get paid when you check your bank account after paying bills
SCOOPWHOOP.com Where is ISRO? Here
My 2 besties when they are together
You know him from here. I know him from here. Humayu jilani give me some sunshine warna maa ch*d denge
my insta stories my real life SCOOPWHOOP.com
TEAM WORK
THEN NOW
Electricians changed the wooden post for a cement one,but preserved the toucan's house .
When someone says *Bohot cute ho tum* me: Andha hai shayd…
Me as a mother:Wake up baby,mama will take pictures with you
roopl how aar you fulks.see mine in award by prim minestar of amarika for autstending acting in hollywud moovis.he telled mine he only woch mine moovis if he free.i telled him its i pession and i thenkd him too.its more pricuis then oskar for i.thenk gaayz and lobh you aal .oommha
oh you think your girls loyal? put her in a room with this guy
Friend : yaar i am tired of these hook ups, i am struggling a lot due to all this Me : Jahan humaare sapne poore hote hai, waha inke struggle shuru hote hai
#ICCWorldCup2019 Ameee Bohot ameer bohot jada ameer Fir yeh jo Pakistan ko haarte hue dekhne chale gae
when you find out there's an opening for the role of chewbacca
sanskari ladka mohitttrawat when someone says tiktokers are so talented. Laude ka talent hai
He: yar tu kitni cute hai,tu ek dam crush material hai She:Thnx yr Inner she:Usko ky pta sab filter k kamal h
steve smith got caught scuffing red handedly while scuffing rishab pant's cease guard australians;excuses
Aur batao Hamari yaad aati hai ky
why pakistan should be on every solo female traveler's bucket list did human trafficking write this?
rahul memewalaCA when you share a damn good meme but no one reacts sab harami hai bc!
Girls after 1 FIR Boys after going to jail
assignmets expectations student work
Red ant* Kid me* Aaaah  *Black ant Chal Chal darta nahi hu mai tere se ayi badi
All Shinchan Characters In single picture Drop if you Truly love Shinchan show
human in dog filter the other way around
I don't know what but i have done something wrong and this is hint
Everything come to you at the right time
becky lemme smash
*when i finally snap and actually kill myself after years of saying "i wanna die"* my friends: you did it. you crazy son of a bitch, you did it
Annu typing suno tum Din me bahar na nikla kro Tumhari kitni ghatiya soch hai. Tum girls ko kbhi aage badhte nhi dekh sakte.. Abhi tumhe block krti hoon Kyuki Chand kbhi din me nhi niklta
Aalu se shona kaise banaoge?Matlab Aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but sochenge..
teacher like her can increase attendance from 0 to 100% instantly
last option left to open the suez canal
meanwhile 2022 be like:Hai himmat?..aayega?..aayega?
her: I bet he's thinking about other women Him: If you replace "W" with "T" in when , where, and what, you get the answer for each question
TIMESOFINDIA.INDIATIMES.COM America enslaved us for 200 years, says Uttarakhand CM Tirath Singh Rawat We need to have an entrance exam for joining politics also
Real gym Brazzers Gym
Mom Wife Bilkul ricks nahi leneka Husband
Best proposal share with your friends
nothing beats a good old sultry stare down
Jokesmelon @jokemelon1 When you are in final year of Engineering but can't fix Home Appliances Parents:  Iss Lallu Laal pe to bina matlab hi Paise waste kr rahe hei
This man gave up a whole kingdom for his girl and you wanna settle for a guy who flirts with other girls?
No one will forget to flush now
did you know?click three times one shoes and you will be on the best page of instagram for watches,sneakers,airpods * iwatch."followed by 20+ celebrities"
when my mom calls me to eat food after beating me
seduction cant get any better than this
POLICE
girls:i only date 6 feet guys Me with only 2 feet Ants
Me:*invites some friends over*My Dad:'
teacher-first tie your paper and then write me- Haan maloom hai chal. Apne baap ko mat sikha
When A Bot Mentions A Girl in His Instagram Story Khush rehna uske sath
maths me physics chemistry SCOOPWHOOP.com
Moment when you praises your college teacher in saree The moment when she reaches home and admire her voluptuous figure in saree standing in front of mirror
We don't know the value of a moment Until it becomes a memory.
you sicced all of your corrupt  goons after me for 3 years and i came out clean. now it's my turn to send my justice-seeking patriots after you and your corrupt goons let's see how you all come out!!!
linkedln facebook instagram hard life born to be single tinder i love this trend this trend is op!!
tank-of-memes….. Breking News…...खुद को शीशे में देख तैमूर की फटी गांड........हेलोवीन मना रहे थे छोटे नवाब | सैफ ने कहा, " अंग्रेजी त्योहारों की माँ का भोसड़ा
mom.I'm going to a sleepover to Kate Ok son,but please don't forget to wear protection Mom I'm 14...And I am 28
Priyanka in saree with navel show best combination ever DESI ADULT TROLLS
i came to fingerpaint and fuck and im all out of poop
Dane Dane me kesar ka dum  20 years later Mera naam Ajay he mene 20 saal Guthka chabaya, or ab mere muh me, kaan me, gaand me har gajah ched he AAO KABHI HAWELI PE
when people just talk about weed and forget your birthday (sad racist noises)
ekdum taaza tejpatta lag rahi ho
Govt: *Passes students without Exams* Atmahatya kiya hua Vidyarthi:
This side pic can drain Itrs of cum
The older we get,the more we understand this guy.
when the half plate is of 70rs & full pkate is 90rs food stall wala you Bsdk..
Tumhare Mom Dad kya karte hain? Meri bezzati
haramiparindey 21 din hain tumhare paas shayad tumhari zindagi ke sabse important 21 din
India ne match jeet liya aur Pakistan ne dil.. Translate Tweet
i present to u..the new generation.good luck!
khis hafte me do baar nahat hai. Aur nahane jaane wali ladki ko bolta hai "Akele Akele"
ME that one girl who always reacts to my post Our marriage certificate
durex introduced new invisible condom for my invisible girlfriend
teri pyari pyari do ankhiyaan
Happy Holi( especially jo ghar pe hai )
CM. YOGI Tests Positive For कोरोना ..
i don't watch cricket at all so i don't know any cricketers i have deep respect for sachin sir & virat sir
How to make your girlfriend happy
tu engineering kar raha h?Insta-Rofl_Indian Ha usme sabko job mil jati h Sabko nahi milti,Laxman
People : Bullshit! How can you hear an image? Me: @MoonShanky
Isse aage ni jayega madam
EVERY SECOND PERSON GETTING TESTED IN KOLKATA IS POSITIVE CONDITION IN KOLKATA IS VERY PATHETIC TOI TOI Kolkata @TOIKolkata Every second person getting tested in Kolkata is positive
162 Runs toh akele 'Hamara Marad' bana leta hai
*Whatsapp updates privacy policies*Internet to Zuckerberg:Sab janna hai iss Bh*dwe ko
When someone texts me instead of calling Iss ek gesture se usme mera dil jeet liya
5 dollar bill,USD buy now with 1-click paisa hi paisa hoga
No! Nasa didn't click this picture.. A twitter user from Surat loast night at 9pm captured this beautiful picture eith his Drone This looks beautiful
colgate ki AD Me Daant.. Shampoo ki Ad me baal dikhate hai..Toh whisper ki Ad me humse Gaddari Kyu!
SORRY I'M NOT RIHANNA I DON'T LOVE THE WAY YOU LIE
Relative : Beta ye Google pay kaise use Krte hai ??  Me: Lao mujhe dijiye phone *Me after sending 1000rs to my account as an example*
For Boyfriend For Bestfriend DESI ADUKT TROLLS
Friend-Abey aise kahe chal raha hai?Me-Aap kabi lock down me bahar nikle ho?Friend-Nahi Me-Toh fir tum mera dard nai samaj sakte
brooklyn nine-nine
The fact One pallu drop scene is equal to 100 bikini scenes
Nothing makes a women looks more beautiful like a saree does makes her look sexy yet graceful
ladna chahta hoon apno se,lekin darr lagta hai jeet bhi gaya toh haar jaunga
Mummy meri girlfriend pregnant ho gayi hai! par tu toh abhi khud hi baccha hai! DON'T UNDERSTIMATE GOLU!
phir, phir kya hua? Phir apne mohalle mein COD:mobile aayi
Nitish Rana hitting 4s on every possible ball SRH bowlers-Sans toh len de bey
Ek hote h confident log, Dusre:over confident Phir aate h ye
never give up! 119 129 121 122 next IG-BcBillu
HR:we will let you know.Me:matlab?HR:matlab aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but..sochenge
me waiting to make my"sabar ka fal"from god..
Quarantine is fun you just need one girlfriend like her who video calls you daily
Me: Wow this app is fantastic App: take a moment to rate us Me: no
Itna Padhai Karo Ki Chahe Ladki Reject Kare Par Ladki Ke Papa Kabhi Reject Na Kare
people whp having birthday in may june and july ab to aadat si ha mujhko aise jeene me
If Tim Paine hadn't taken this review,It most probably would have been India vs Australia in the first WTC finals.Use your reviews wisely!
Nick got no chill. परिणीति ने जीजू से जूते चुराई मे मांगे 37 करोड़ रूपए, निक जोनस ने कहा - लावड़ा मेरा | मुँह में ले
it can't be homicide if there is no race
The selfie we want From Our Crush
when black people make white jokes when white people make black jokes
Me:I Love you Mom… Mom:Sorry..i have a Husband ME
me and my best friend laughing at something stupid nobody else finds funny
thank you ! for everything ! for what ?
KKR TO OTHER TEAMS Tumhe 2 points dunga Tumhe bhi Tujhe bhi Tum bhi le jao 2 points
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
don't shoot, i'm from the group why dont you post and comment? i'm shy, but i like stuff
"we salute to the designer of this dress"-single boys
The pupil of your eye can expand as much as 55% while looking at something you love SCOOPWHOOP.com
Sun Gajjab Bezzatii h yaar
Baki sab to theek hai par toilet aa gayi to kya hoga
normale people aamir khan in dil chahta hai
Agarwal ,aggarwal,agarwaal,Agarwala Kishan Agrawal Abhi bhi mera wala missing hai
Jinki shakal dekh kar naai ka sheesha bhi foot jaata tha Unki bhi aaj do do setting hain BC!
20 saal ho gye mere ko dhaba khole,itni mehnat karta hun fir b gareeb ka gareeb baba:techique hi galat hai tumhari
shristi negi yaar mera phone neeche gir gaya and screen me crack aagaya vishu arora jada bada crack to nahi aaya? Shristi negi ruko screenshot bhejti hun wo stree hai..wo kuch bhi kar sakti hai
Nothing makes a women looks More beautiful like a Saree does makes her look Sexy yet graceful
i was 17 when dhoni finished of in style its still feels like yesterday
other girls vs MyGF
ultron is easily the best villain in the MCU,my man spent 5 minutes on the internet and decided the human race needed to go I couldn't agree more
No one noticed Joe Bidden In Avengers Endgame
If she glows after the breakup.  You were the problem.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'RE ALSO THINKING THE SAME
Father wearing this... Son Wearing This...This is the Fact of Middle class
ye kya hai bey Dobby deol
a new super earth that takes 2.4 days to complete a year has been discovered.Planet's mass is around 3 times the mass of Earth Situated 36 light years away from earth,it orbits around star GJ 740,a red dwarf.Another hope for multi-planet human life expansion?
अब हम वो लिबिर लिबिर करने वाले फिंच नहीं है, अब चाहिए हमको फुल इज्जत
me while making maggi and tossing the pan back and forth shef
hello!do you have a refrigeretor?yes..is it running?yes…get hold of it.otherwise it might run away..*man slams down the phon* aftr few minutes phone bell rings again Hello!do you have refrigeretor?(Angrily)No.I don’t have Didn't I tell you to hold it?
InGenious @Bees_Kut Raanjhana is an amazing movie.It passes on an important message that when you get an option to choose between Sonam Kapoor and Swara Bhasker,you must choose death.Just Indian Things
BEFORE RAIN AFTER RAIN
when she finally agrees for a long drive but petrol price crosses 100 ( laughing) (crying)
Aise Na mujhe tum dekho seene se laga loonga DESI ADULT TROLLS Tumko main chura loonga tumse dil mein chhupa loonga
when someone upload their pictures on instagram like this:Ye kya behooda harkat hai
Engineering 1st sem ..Aur ye main aasmaan ki unchaaiyon mein…….Engineering 3rd Sem ..Main madarchod hoon jo ismein aaya
Akshay kumar to other Bollywood stars who haven't donated a single rupee for COVID-19 Relief fund yet kuch to sharam karo janab kuch to sharam karo
china blocks Narendra Modi's website Modi ji:- Ruk teri MAA Ch*** hai mein
The Selfie We Want From Our Crush
pls help I have 5 kids
Do you want to buy honey? How do I know is real honey? Ok…give me 2 bottle….
when your 750GB study material folder accidently get deleted TABAAH HO GAYE
do you have any idea how fast you were going
look at those ear rings so massive
Itne dhyan se corona Virus ke precautions ko bhi dekhlo 
the reason i love my bestie the most
Things we should learn from dogs: love trust loyalty what we learnt:Doggy style position
isn't it interesting that isis has run out money now that obama is no longer in office..
feed the greed hello i'm sir trevor chinn i control tom watson by money it's what zionists do
india:why you sold undergarments to pakistan instead of mask china:chutiya hai pakistan le india: chutiya hai ye important nhi hai hmara ladka h ye important hai
Bhai 10 tanka re petrol daba Ete petrol pakeiki kuade jaibe Kuade nuha, Mu emiti Paisa udae
Late night conversations hit different on these
JUST INDIAN THINGS First they said lagdi Lahore di aa,then they said lagdi Punjab di aa Then they said kudi da pata kar do,kehre pind di aa kehre sahar di hai @haramiparindey
WILLIAMSON Scored 66 of 51 last game.#FANBLAZE fanblaze insta said it!"zaroor lena aaj ka punt pick hai"Fanblaze fantasy on insta
Class ki ladki bhi sundar thi Yeh baat farewell ke din pata chalta hai.
gill stay in front....keep the scoreboard ticking pujara maximum defence..make them tired..!!jinkx..one of us has to be.. ...stay in the middle till the end .and pant smash
When Kabir Singh daadi said, " Hum uske liye kuch bhi kar skte hai , Lekin uska dard nahi baat sakte!" Every Parent in this world felt it. 
Arey mujhe chakkar aane laga hai
my dad couldn't find google chrome so i did this
Bengali Girl in saree Le me
baaghi 1:girlfriend kidnapped baaghi 2:daughter kidnapped baaghi 3:brother kidnapped baaghi 4:baaghi himself kidnapped baaghi5:director kidnapped baaghi 6:kidnapper got kidnapped
BREAKING NEWS तैमूर कक्षा 8 वी में टॉप करके लूटी वाहवाही.... करन जौहर स्कूल ऑफ़ नेपोटिस्म का नाम रोशन किया, फैंस ने की शिक्षा मंत्री बनने की शिफारिश
Vishnu @Haramibaba2 When you find out how she is getting promotion so Fast 
I must have been a monkey in a past life!
When the whole night you waited for your crush reply
7 Lagta hai mehfil me utarna padega dobara kuch log bhool gaye hai andaaz hamara
Strangers things
Godzilla after fighting a bunch of monsters King Kong after being a simp
DON'T KNOW WHY BUT THIS IS SO SATISFYING IG -GHANTAA
me today me after 21 days SCOOPWHOOP.com
me:nimboo pani peeti ho?she:haan me:mat peeya kro,dudh fat jaega she:
Sorry, Indian guys, I'm already married. *Le Supreme Court of India Extramarital Affairs are not a criminal offense anymore.
Oak: is your mom still single? ASH : Yes OAK: here take this pickachu and gi catch all the pokemon out there!
look dad im doing it you did it tyrone! you stole your first bike
If Shimron had played those last full tosses he would have won it for DC Well plyaed man
When your sister eats all your dairy milk &gives you a eclairs *She Hun toh rakshas kul ki, par rakshason mein bhi bhavna hoti hai
Never make your Dog's Instagram Account
employees throughout the year employees during the appraisal season
If you're having a bad day here's a dog that just graduated from puppy training
Padh lo Beta..Ek to general category se ho Aur chacha bhi vidhayak nahi hai tumhare..
"the squad?" more like "the gang of four!"
allow calculator to make and manage phone calls?DENY ALLOW WAIT
A mesmerising temple inside the cave in Malaysia lord murugan
AFTER EFFECTS OF"VIMAL GHUTKA" DAANE DAANE ME CANCER KA DUMM Bakchod Hu Mai
when your dishwasher is broken so you take it back to walmart to get a new one
indian goverment bans 59 chinese apps but doesn't ban PUBG cause it's only 10% goes to china : a small price to pay for people's happiness.
Predict the future
sakth launde yaha pighalte he
is masoom ko PM banne ka khawaab dikha kar,Iska bacchpan cheenne walo paap lagega tumhe..!!
don't drink and drive
who remember Those People who came to our school to teach us with craft
Har kutte ka din aata hai
The best picture on the Internet Today
Mera german shepherd sabko kaat leta hai yaar par tere paas toh desi kutta tha haan bc uska naam German shepherd hai BC!
resisting a seductie neighborhood bhabhi like her is next to impossible
this could be us but you keep escaping
only man to award a terrorist 10.5 million dollars for killing an american oldier....fucking scum bag!
Short hair!
Applying for jobs in the middle of a pandemic
Jab Viva में आपको कुछ भी नहीं आ रहा हो. तब आप टीचर से..तुम लड़किया भी ना बड़ी चालाक  हो जानती सब हो लेकिन हमसे सुनना चाहती हो
kyu bola tha na delhi-ko italy new york jaisa banna dunga
thats fucked up, but i like it
you the guys she told you not to worry about SCOOPWHOOP.com
he says he has a corner office with a view gets paid to travel around in 400k vehicle fuck it.. i'm going on a daye with him so what DO you do? bus driver
ain't nothing but a goat
Finally Found The Cameraman 
When my neighbour invites me at her home for chai and had sex with me but didn't offer me chai Me:-That bitch lied to me
when you share netflix password with a friend and he watches panipat inke haath mein sone ka katora dedo phir bhi ye bheek maangenge
1 2 3 4
when you see her will you stop your car to drop her??
boys waiting for girlfriend to say sorry for her mistake
It's a proof that there is still a hope for us.
teacher explainning about holiday homework a day before vacation excited me: are jaldi bol kal subhe nani ghar nikalna hai
mai tumhari GF toh nahi ban sakti..But I can be your half GF OK BUT..majey PUREY lunga "AUR BAN NA half GIRLFRIEND"
Leaning Tower of Paisa @harami_nobita
When my frnd has started going to the gym from two days *My friend*
survival tip: if you're ever trapped on a deserted island start talking about politics and someone will show up to argue with you
arre lale yha sab ke sab sleep deprived hai!
Black shirt Beards Rolled up Sleeves fb/Anu fb/Itsbunktime
Bawal @Buntybawal day 6 of quaranatine: Now I can say pet name in one go without reading: "Prabhakaran SriPala Wardhana Atapattu JayaSuriya Laxman SivramKrishna Shivavenkata rajShekhara Sriniwasan Trichipalli YeakParampeel Parambatur ChinnaSwami Mutuswami venuGopala Iyer!*
mai aaj bhi helicopter ki aawaaz sunke ghar ke bahar aa jata hu...
ha bhai..aur sab kaise...
#similipalnationalpark in Odisha has been burning for more than 10 days.We are the same people who run hastags for #AustraliaBushFire and #Amazonrainforestfire,but forget to stand with those who are our own!
Mention your friends with whom you enjoy Trippling
Some People be like "Baatein" "Aukaat"
when you are hanging out froml last 3 hours and finally decide to take a selfie with SQUAD:
what i want what i also want
if you're gonna go boating make sure you have the proper flotation devices
Look at the single person holding the cell phone.
Meanwhile Akshay and John fighting for the script of #Chandrayaan2
happy birthday queen of seduction sunny leone
Jhumka makes a girl looks more beautiful
first smartphones was realeased in 2007 people in 2006
Tiktok owner Bas na,bas karo na
Pati Patni aur Who
@nurag Jab tere paas pehle se hi Diamond tha to tu Gold ki Search karne hi kyu gya Apsabd 
abe gaandu text ke end me "xd"lkhta hun ladkiyan to patt hi jayen gi.
some people are like old tvs they need to be slapped a few times to get the fucking picture
AFTER PLAYING FAU-G MY RIGHT THUMB
It's all the messy: the hair, the bed, the words, the heart.
Any moment become magical when you find the right person.
Traditional Bikni
ये कह रहा है लगे हाथ पकिस्तान पर हमला कर देते है, बोल देंगे चुनाव जितने पर पटाके जला रहे थे गलती से मिसाइल में आग लगा दी
When it comes to backless and backsidea..damn she is the queen and doubled up with them expression..JUST UFFF
kenyan shit
Rohit 45
*she* baby suck my B**bs *He* nahi baby,main sirf amul ka doodh pita hu
Humko follow karti ho na Toh message pe baat kahe nai karti!
World Sleep Day 19 March 2021 Oh ye to mera wala din hai
Japanese researchers have been able to create artificial meat from human poop.VEGAN NON-VEGANS
Apna insta account private karke....apni hi pics par #HASHTAG use karne walon ko National level ka chutiya ghosit kar dena chahiye BC
Friend Bhai uska pahle se boyfriend hai tera chance nahi kahi bhi me Abe bina goalkeeper ke Goal marne ka kya maza
Predict the winner-SRH vs KKR
QUARTER FINAL !!!
This is called Hit list
bharat ki australia mein ek etihasik jeet ka drashya
Writing Applicatiopn To Principal Be Like Mere Pass Koi Alfaaz Nahi Hain. Mujhe Maaf Kar Dein, Mujhe Chhutti Dein De.
When you have removed your Whatsapp DP and the finally 10 girls asked you "Kya hua?" You:
vishesh vishcomical john cena:you can't see me delhiites:haan toh just indian things
when zero is multiplied by any number,it become zero..Meanwhile zero be like* HUMKO MITA SAKE Yeh ZAMANE MEIN DUM NAHI
Me:Fill her up please.Gas station attendant:Fill it all the way up?Me:Yes sir,I want a full tank.
PADHEGA INDIA TABHI TO BADHEGA CANADA, AUSTRALIA, AMERICA
me who first thought that it's risky and unworthy and now owns Bitcoin worth RS.100:
i like my women like i like my subs 6 and 12
Insurance company be like "You hit what?!"
*chips packet* hawa chips
what part of "i didn't find shit" do you libtards not understand?
Mujhe pata nahi kahan jaana hai,bas jaana hai
crush:hi my brain: SCOOPWHOOP.com
why do i fall in love with every woman i see... who shows me the least bit of attention?
so you listen to rap music but you're offended by "baby it's cold outside"
After COVID Pandemic and Amphan Cyclone Now Tiddi Attack by Tiddi Dal. Humko maro, humko zinda mat chhodo saalo
Funny tweets bombay times bombaytimes Can't ake our eyes off this handsome hunk sohailkhan
Advertsising level Lelo "Jab sab aapki le rahe hai to aap bhi kuch lelo"
and i even got a job in congress! these americans are so stupid!!! yep.........and then i beat the usa immigration sytem by marrying my own brother!
buckle up sugar tits 'cause i'm about to take you to pound town in the fuck truck
#CSKvKXIP Dhoni to India Mai akela nahi aaunga 2-3 teams ko saath lekar aaunga
waitress:what else can I get for the lovely couple?Girl:oh gosh no,haha were just friends Guy:you can get us two bills.Girl:excuse me?Guy:don't forget she had 3 refills as well
remember no matter how much you whine like a little bitch trump is still your president
Virat Kohli Becomes First Player To Score 6000 Runs In IPL History
sambhandh and water are the same . no color, no form** but still for ** existance of life ** most importance..... good afternoon
Junior:bhaiya science le lu kya mai?*Me vo jeevan bahut dookhdayi hai, baad mein pachtaaoge
i don't always have sweaty balls but when i do, they're wetter than a tiajuana hooker during spring break and smell like a zombie's vagina
Jumping of this would solve all of my problems
After criticising bollywood hungama for not posting actual news signature look of superiority
After #PUBG ban..Pubg Users:
Phir,phir kya hua? phir apne mohalle me COD: mobile aaya SCOOPWHOOP.com
can you name 3 words better than "i love you?" death to america, of course,
every indian right now: ye radha kon hai be
Father : My son will become big Doctor or Scientist …Mother: No he'll bracome rich biusnessman…Meanwhile son after few years …..कुछ बाते  priya anjali rai के बारे में 
me acting asleep mom waiting for me to crack up and laugh
NOTICE THIS PROPERTY IS  A FARM Farms have Animals: Animals Make : Funny sounds, Smell Bad And Have sex outdoors Unless You Can Tolerate Noise , Odour And Outdoor Sex DON'T BUY PROPERTY NEXT TO FARM!
when you can't wait to get home and eat them left overs
living in India right now! I'm surrounded by idiots.
Thukra ke mera pyaar, mera intekam nahi dekh payegi kyuki meri IAS banne ki aukat nahi hai
showing the kids you can do it too
ZINDAGI BHOT CHOTI HAI ISSE MBBS KARNE ME JAYA NA KAREIN  BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
Master ji! Didi ki blouse ek bilang choti kerdo
can't believe there was a time my brain could understan this
CITY Maharashtra govt imposes lockdown in Panvel from March 12-22 Mar 12 , 2021, 11.45 AM IST  | SOURCE: TIMES NOW
virat kohli after realising that india could have lost the match if he hadn't scored those 7 runs hyu hilaa daala na
Appraisals 2020* SCOOPWHOOP.com
i may not be the best,but i don't cheat
Anuradha Thi Isliye Jane Diya Anjali Hoti Toh Aaj Bahon Mein Hoti
101 runs in one frame
Paine trying to protect Gabba Ashwin Ravi
sober me drunk me
during sex. i suddenly stopped and didn't move she: "what are you doing?" me: "hush bitch, i seen this on pornhub, its called buffering
Me realizing i won't be able to blame the pandemic for my unproductivity after it's over
268 likes someone:hero or villain?? Me:villain view all 6 comments
What do you call a Titan that can't swim Titanic
Me replying back in 10 sec after being ignored for 10 hrs
when she starts undressing before you could say "chaliye shuru karte hai"
lockdown for 3 weeks lockdown for 3 months
AZIM PREMJI TOPS THE LIST OF MAKING HIGHEST DONATION IN 2020 HE HAS DONATED A TOTAL OF 7904 CRORE THAT IS 22 CR. PER DAY
kabir got shiva sanju got kamli shweta got radhika you got?
*Daya….*Jethalal….. ये लीये सूंदर का फ़ोन है 
Best picture on the internet today DESI ADULT TROLLS
Please arrest me
No he is not going on moon He is just going home by bus
DAARU TOH YUHI BADNAM HAI NASHEDI TOH CHAI KE BHI KUM NAHI HAI APNE DESH ME FB/RealBcBilli
remember those days of primary? where we use to make circles and share our lunch with our classmates in lunch break
the look you give your friend when you know hes lyin
She:I'm not that fat.She(While she sits in the chair):
The girl you like Her Father Her brother Her ex Her crush You
Tumne tiktok pe video banayi Laxman Haan aaj kal toh sab ladke banate hai Ladke nahi banate
Maybe If I join a gym and start working out I'll be happy Nope that's wasn't it
Me and hindu homies enterning विक्रम सावंत 2077….Rest all who entered 2020 just in 3 months back.
love is easy but i am busy
only problem i want in life
Jo log Engineering ka Mazaak Udaate Hain Bhai tumne bhi Commerce aur art Lekar konsa teer maar diya
first year attendence final year attendence SCOOPWHOOP.com
Moi personal pao inta like to kbhi hamen hamare Muh pe Bhi Nahi Mile
This won't end well..
Just sleep.It solves everything.
my sister marriage with all friend
Oh love!!! Where did you learn to use those fingers?
Me:*turns ON automatic update*Windows:Ye fass gaya ...
DESI ADULT TROLLS Bhai ko bolo ki jiske darshan karne aaye ho,  ushke kar lo pehle
crush I love you 25 ?? Tum pehle nahi ho jo propose kar rahe ho acha fir 199 kya???tum pehli nahi ho jisse propose kar rha hu
This is why aliens don't visit us
Perfect set up
 a Russian businessman who earns more than $20 million per year,has become a delivery boy after getting bored of staying a home due to lockdown!
MOST DECENT KIDS FROM SECTION D
after cancelled & postponed topper:
their average iq is about 70-80, few points above being retarded
when your friend asks for your fantasy team so that he can win too in BALLEBAAZI fantsy league #CricketMachao ye koi tareeka hai bhikh maangne ka
Google dhichak pooja hot pics ALL IMAGES NEWS VIDEOS MAPS dhinchal pooja hot pics Results in English Are Bets Issse Bhi Koi Neech Khayaal Hoto Mann Me Na Rakho. Vo Bhi Bata Do Hamko
Movie chahe kitni bhi FLOP kyu na ho Corner seat waale apna paisa jaroor wasool lete hai
never control a man.His actions will show you how much he respects you.
Breaking News GF ke sath nazar aaye Taimur 19:35 Saif bole tera bhi katega,Taimur bole meri wali alag hai bhochlike
Jitna bhi try kar lo bunny,last unit toh chootega hi
Anushka in saree and backless blouse deadly combination DESI ADULT TROLLS
when you've had a rough day but you're trying to stay positive "it's great. i'm great. everything's just great."
me-itne dino me sirf tera attitude bda hai..she--aur ye v...
slinkies are a good valentine gift for your girl
ilhan omar a powerful woman of color
my love wrong person
april 2020 april 2021
Thaali bajne ka bola tha Ab mombatti jalane ka bol rahe hai Kal ko saar mundawane ka naa bol de
my love wrong person
Me:
girls boys
When you're sleeping and you hear your brother telling his girlfriend "I can sell this house for you"
Things you don't expect to see on the way to work..Tom Cruise casually waving atop a speeding train #ChaiyyaChaiyya Ye toh kuch bhi nahi
Health Reminder drink 3 litres of water daily
No it doesn't affect my baby 8÷2(2+2)=1 12 years later
when you've entered an incorrect password twice and netbanking says It'll lock your account bajrang bali ki kasam main chor nahi hoon
in a world hoarding toilet paper rolls.Let's take a moment to appreciate an unsung hero.
Suno!5 ko 9 min hai tumhare pas,Andhera rahega chale aana mere ghar Uppar Uppar se kar leinge Haan Baby Maza Aayega
bestfriend:bhai quarantine chal raha ek ladki hi patwa de.!me:koi aur baat karni aati he aapko"
bheegi bheegi sadako pe main tera intzaar karu
it is only when a mosquito lands on your testicles that you realize there is always a way to solve problems without using violence.
when a guy texts you "hi"when you open the DM and see dick pic
Ek hote hai Apradhi Ek hote hain Aatankwadi Ek hote hai jo Thande haath lagane ke baad Bolte hain,, Bhai thandi lag rahe hai kya
kenyan shit
Man behind viral Spanosh Laughing Guy meme has passed away Yaad teri aayegi mujhko bada satayegi
there are two types of girls Which one you like
David Warner 57(55) 3...2 ..103.64… c Ravindra Jadeja b Lungi Ngidi…. Manish Pandey  61(46)…5…1....132.61…..Kane Williamson 26(10) ….4...1….260…batting
This is happiness
him: the dishwasher is acting weird her: what's it doing him: chopping fucking vegetables
when your dishwasher asks you to take out the trash i think it has a mind of its own
they used to whip slaves back in the day
Desi women on their honeymoon starter pack
Hrithik Roshan stealing Diamonds in Dhoom2
VOTE KITNA BHI PADH LO BUNNY..  EXAM FEAR AUR ANXIETY TOH V.O.T.E  DE KAR HI JAYEGI!
The most sad actor of Bollywood The most sad actress of bollywood Amber Boriya Dono ka maal ek hi ghr me hai
when people talk trash but you're a bigger person
Girls with the time machine :.i am your granddaughter… Really?...Boys with the time machine:*cycle मत चलो बाबाजी गिर जाओगे !
me in family gatherings waiting for mom to finish talking to everyone so we can go back home
i think it's funny to haggle over price with hookers when you're just going to kill them anyway
stalin: if you invade us, you break our agreement hitler: quicksaving..
"islam is love!" ariana grande august 2017 hillary clinton rally yeah, if you're a goat ***
i guess the jury liked pudding cause they pudding my ass in jail
girls reaction when teacher says "get out of class" boys reaction gorilla in a fuckin coupe reaction
If You Have This , You're My Crush Xavier I also have this but on different place
NAGAD BEDI @sad_nibba Everything remonds me of her
if you've recovered from covid than plasma de naa yaar samjha kar baat ko
Don't sleep in front of a Memer
Girls be 14 , Looking 18 ,Acting 21. Boys be 21 ,looking 18, Acting 14. VIA 9GAG.COM
Up to 70% of people have experienced the Hypnic Jerk,which is falling sensation that wakes you up suddenly as you are almost asleep
I just crashed my Kia. dad no please Now I have Nokia
KitKat celebrates Gay Month by releasing a new kitkat with no straight lines  I think they meant no parallel lines, becose those are still straight. Who are you, who are so wise in the ways of science?
Gharwalo ko tension hai isko kaun milegi Dosto ko tension hai isko aur kitni milegi BC!
Whats if we use 100% of our brain?
me at 3 am imagining the funeral of a person who is still alive
sara tendulkar when gill hits back to back sixes in arjun's over
Sister friend typing sister friend Hi bhaiya
Real ID Se aao,Virender sehwag!
Is there a space camp in INDIA Book now WhiteHat shit just went from ordinary app to space real fucking quick
Sonam kapOOr gives small msg to memers
PRI Priboyyy rekha was aesthetic before aesthetic was a thing
*Me planning to celebrate my birthday in April*Meanwhile lockdown: I AM BACK
*when i was little kid*my pant zip to my nunnu:Ye Fas gaya
BAD PICK UP LINE Hi! GOOD PICK UP LINE Hi! 
Lockdown 5.0 Be Like Daro Mat Main Srif Dikhne Me Khatranak Hu
yaar mummy agar ap har argument mein class 11k maths marks ghusayoge toh mein kya bol sakta hu
GIRLS*Single In relationship After breakup
i asked him to see things from my point of view he just looked at his computer
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay
me going to sleep at 4 am my mom waking up at 4 am
She:Babu!Katti..Me:Katti toh katti,Saboon ki batti....Hum khaye chocolate,Tu kha TATTI
Himanshu Singh Rajput @memerhimu When mo just completed doing pocha koi bhi apni jagah se nahi hilega
BJP supportest pata hai hum match kahan haare we all can smell change in bengal!
donald, you are not welcome on my show sir, i do not want to be on your show
ujjwal keshri ujjwal_keshri7 everyone "say no to crackers" *le modi jii: hold my panchamrit
covid RT-PCR test:
Desh ka development kiske kaaran nhi ho pa rha h?Modi ji ke karan Corona k cases and unemployement kiske wajah se badh raha hai?Modi ji ke kaaran Tum ksike kaaran paida hue?Moji ji ke...
VERY SAD TO HEAR ABOUT SUSHANT SINGH RAJPUT RIP
BELIEVE ME REMO MAMA IT'S A FAMILY TV SHOW
when social distancing is necessary but gossip is important india aunties
dhinchak pooja hot pics dhinchak pooja hot pics Result in English Are Beta!Isse bhi koi neech khayaal hoto Mann me na Rakho.Vo bhi bata do hamko
KUCH RISHTE KITNI JALDI BADAL JATE HAIN AAP SE TUM,TUM SE TU AUR TU SE NIKAL CHADARMOD HO JAATE HAIN  FB/RealBcBilli
Boiling jio phone in hot Oil Experiment || Jio Phone vs Hot Oil Experiment ||… भोसड़ी के
Mom-chup chap khana kha vrna maar ke ga#d tod dungi tujhe kya lagta hai karwachauth ka natak mujhe nahi pata..?Nibbi
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
Saif:i am going to become a father for the 4th time Sachin:Helmet daalo yaar
Zindagi Mein bhagwan se itna zarur maangna Maa ke bin 'Koi ghar' na ho Or koi maa 'beghar' na ho. HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
ye toh apna Shayam Hai kya Mast Body Banaya hai re baba. Aurat ka chakkar babu bhaia aurat ka chakkar
You can easily get a girlfriend like preeti But getting a friend like Shiva is tough
Literally Nobody: My classmates:
When you're sititng next to a hot girl and your friends starts shouting ,"Bhabhi Bhabhi"
When you share Netflix password with a friend and he watches Panipat Inke haath mein sone ka katora dedo phir bhi ye bheek maangenge
Aap muskura kyun rhe hai?Pay attention to the class..Mere baare me itna mat socho Attendance k liye aata hu Padhai k liye nhi
this 4 pics of disha patani made 2018 the sexiest year
gmc short for give me cock
Them : Are you okay? You looke tired Me : wow ok rude Also me:
When your crush starts dating a guy whom she bro zoned earlier Chya maayla.. Babu bhaiya se direct babu
When my neighbour invites me at her home for chai and has s*x with me but didn't offer me chai Me: That bitch lied to me
do you think a terrorist has or could infiltrate our goverment ???
When your girlfriend dumps you and you can't explain your wifey why have you been so sad lately
We're all living in 2020 meanwhile this Dude's living in the year 3020 
March 2020 March 2021
Delhi Vs Punjab   CSK Vs MI
a typical white man
बॉडी तो बना ली, अब नहीं बन पा रहे पिता…..WARN YOUR GYM-ADDICT FRIENDS ! …tera_bhi_katungi dola bada krne ke chakker me loda na chota krlena tum .
Guddu's IQ in season one vs season two #Mirzapur #Mirzapur2
dental clinic DR. SHALINI AGARWAL B.D.S.(MUM)
JAB SE NAUKRI LAGI HAI BC HAR KHUBSURAT LADKI KAA BAAP SASUR NAZAR AATA HAI BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
kohli in faaltu matches kohli in important matches,when team needs him most
Crush sabka hota hai Magar milta kisi ko nahi
be careful to mess whit me because i am cute,but not mute..editz"jack
me at 2:30 am
she:mere paas kuch pehne ke liye nahi hai also she:
whole nation fighting pandemic politicians conducting election rallies
The Dedication For Cricket And The Country
Ishq whenever there's Jashn-e-bahara
how long do spiders live SPIDER lifespan Goliath birdeater:15-25years tom holland age 24 years 1june 1996 Height:1.73 m
do i keep my long hair or go bald? why not both?
lol don't bother buckling up because we are all going to die
sneaking out after a one-night stand...
Close Enough!
now i'm gonna use two fingers
Socha tha padh likh ke pilot banenge Par pata nhi dhyan kb airforce se manforce pe aagya
opens ice cream shop only sells shakes
If you have wife like this Then you had best time in lockdown DESI ADULT TROLLS
Putin: Do you know Siberia? Guy: no  Putin:you will if you kick the chair one more time
9GAG.COM Anti-Lockdown Protest Leader Tested Positive For COVID-19 You get what you fucking deserve!
when you fight but you don't have your own bike to go to college
this could be us bt we live in india yaha aise cheez krdi to maar pdti h
this is how you make a sandwich did you cut it with a laser?!
Movies you must ever watch with your parents. MURDER B.A. PASS BAGHBAN KYA KOOL HAI HUM
9 months before i was born i went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
first you learn then you remove 'L'
if I punch myself and it hurts, am I weak or strong strong weak an idiot
If you want to talk to me,you'll have to put out that cigarette SMOKING ISN'T SEXY
This is the best way to use wasted tyres Hats off the person who implemented this great idea
dishwasher for sale missing parts
Put your nose tip on the middle of the picture and slowly(very slowly)pull away.
liked Being a true gentlemen never goes out of fashion
me who first thought that it's risky and unworthy and now owns Bitcoin worth RS.100:
mom calling me me with earphones on SCOOPWHOOP.com
Guys,never demand CBI inquiry as a bluff Worst mistake of my life
80'S MEN PANTS ARE NOW GIRL'S PLAZZO
When P.T teacher see a lady teacher in trouble he: well woman what is the problem is the
Before Breakup Priya after breakup Briyani
when you don't have a pool but it is a hot summer day
DESI ADULT TROLLS yaar..ye kitni awesome cute hai yaar
internet in my room
Most famous couples of 2020
i love this game
Me right swiping on tinder be like ये भी ठीक है,ये भी ठीक है,ये भी ठीक है,ये भी ठीक है
tag that one friend who can't talk to you without using single bad world
kal early morning padhunga early morning: SCOOPWHOOP.com
Teacher : make a class logo Me:
ek baat batao,iss ghar mein kitne parivaar rehte hai?15-16 parivaar To products mamaearth se kyu nahi let Rs.500 cashback mil raha hai,link BIO mai hai;
What will happen if the 3rd world war takes place? We will have one more chapter in our history book
me when i try to comfort someone'
are you out of mind!why do you carry those bricks!now is bedtime!none of your business!
*babu dhire se pehli bar hai. le babu:
the greatest invention pf 21st century is here biscuit holder
deep converations with open minded people are the best.
han toh mai bolra tha ki ye jo undertaker aur kane h wo pehle bhai bhai they lekin unka jghda hogya aur kane ne undertaker ko uske bap k sath milke jala diya..lekin undertaker ki 7 lives h toh guess kro kya hua..? m hi btata hu..undertaker aagya wapas aur challenge krdia kane ko wreslemania k liya aur fir.. aparishit
if you think it's okay for iran to have nukes, but not okay for law abiding americans to have guns you might be a dumbass
AB SAMJHE YE WALA POSE KYUN MARTI HAI LADKIYAN
heavy driver factspert In the e1970s,North Korea ordered 1,000 volvo 144s from sweden.To this day,the cars have not been paid for.Factspert in the 1970s,sweden began to see north korea as a lucrative market.swedish companies
Field working Announced  MR`s To Corona Virus : kiya virus banega re tu
caring is the most in love
Jab do ladkiyan apas mein milti hain toh ek selfie le leti hain Jab dol ladke apas mein milte hai toh ek half le lete hain BC!
what's stopping you from doing this with your partner common sense
Students getting MBBS degree after passing through online exams Bladder ka jagah Fefda hoga ur liver ka jagah Kidney
nothing is more beautiful than seeing your crush in black saree
every man needs a decent coffee maker
Aunty:- Beta Chai loge ya Cold Drink Me:- Aunty jab tak chai ban rahi h tab Cold Drink hi la dijiye Bade harami ho, beta
Aur becho kamino,350 Rs ka popcorn aur 150 rs ki coffee..Sab kuch isi janam mei bhugatna hai
leez @ateez_a When he talks to other girls and you talk to other guy but HE talks to other girls.
AJAY DEVGAN DONATES 1 CRORE TO BMC TO HELP SET UP ICU
Ye lo mil gya Dil ka dariya........ jisko dubna h dub jao isme
6 month old Nikon D5300 DSLR camera for sale
my face when i find out that school is canceled
she-mai kal tumhare ghar aaungi ludo khelne,taiyar rahna me-
Ismein kya hai?Ismein pyara sa baby hai Itna hi pyara tha to khaya kyu usko?
*me turns on VPN*my FBI agent wondering why I'm in France all of a suden
a boner is like a thumbs up from your balls to whatever you're thinking about
When someone stole your car, but the body in the trunk is no longer your problem
god wasted a good asshole when he put teeth in your mouth
Lalit Rajput @trollerbiyLalit When your mix water with sanitizer becomes more *Corona virus kaise kaise log rhte hain yahan
sundar pichai visits india google paisa laaya?
No one is met by accident.
After failing in exams!!! DADS GIFT
Mashoor Mere Nepotism Ki Kahani Ho Gayi
hey can i come into your heart
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO GET TEMPERED ON SEEING THE WET LOOK OF WOMEN?
feeling cute may go out with my cousins later
KHUD KI ZINDAGI ME HARIYALI LANE KE CHAKKAR ME YE HARIYALI  CHIN LI... IG -GHANTAA
doctor: u smokin weed?baby:googqgugagauga Doctor:shit bruh u high af
When you're travelling in a train and suddenly hear clapping sounds @Humorousbeeing
kk doesn't need an award to prove himself but awards need kk to prove their existence. kk-the king
Ee scarlettwabi bawal ba bawal
SHUDH DESI MASK
this could be us pr tumhe bs chutiya kaatna aata hai
Dr.gill ikpsgill 1 #CSKvKXIP Dhoni to India mai akela nahi aaunga 2-3 teams ko i saath lekar aaunga
Pata nahin log 500-500 ke note me kaise farak kar lete hain BC!main toh twinkle Khanna aur Ravina Tandon me farak nahin kar pata
China appears to warn india:push too hard and the lights could go out as border skirmishing increased last our expectations for you were low but HOLY FUCK
Abhilekh Pandey Ms dhoni part 2
IT DOESN'T MATTER WHO WIN OR LOOSE TODAY IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SAVE THEM, WE HAVE FAILED.
Meri Ex hi meri Duniya thi or aap jante ho ki Duniya keisi hai
you snooze... you lose!
#NarendraModi Teacher:Beard look is not allowed in school,tomorrow you all should shave your beard *Next day* First benchers Back benchers
what a cute little baby bacon
if you make fun of someone's condition you will be like them one day. Rakesh prasad OMG! Bill gates hahaha..Bill gates hahaha..lol Bill gates..bill gates hahaha...bill gates hahaha..bill gates hahahaha
new audi masi de munde ne gift kiti poore 50 crore di aa
I bedt he's thinking about other women why do we call it "building"if it's already built?
you ever get laid in a sleeping bag? it's awful. you can't even move, you're drenched in sweat, and your scout master is covering your mouth
you have used 50% of your daily high speed data internet quota watches few videos you have used 90% of your daily high high speed data internet quota
paintings made by ms dhoni main kya karu phir,job chhod dun?
INTERVIEWER*How would you approach a female client IG:@bcbilli ME Hey NICE D.P
uske aise hi dekhne se mai barbad hua tha.!!!
dad: watch news, you will learn somethings the news:
Dettol SCOOPWHOOP.com
when you wore worlds best necklace but no one is looking at this DESI ADULT TROLLS
maruti suzuki wagonR modified into a limousine for just Rs 2.3 lakh i thought it was a bad photoshop, later i found out it was a bad modification
carolina squat what kind of mental midget, coconut humping, poop throwing from a tree, goat herding, mouth breathing, have you seen my helmet moron remotely thought this was cool
Juan Joys Borja "The Laughing Guy" has passed away at the age of 65 You made us laugh though we couldn't understand what you were saying. RIP KING
please do not ask for sukka puri anything extra will be charged
a muslim in congress wants to get rid of homeland security let that sink in
Other phones Nokia RIP
Meanwhile,security force of US Capitol during violence
हमारी अधूरी कहानी…..True love is possible yes/no
in most countries, traitors are killed. in america, they join the democrat party
SwatKat@swatic12 *4 C+rone positive people in house Arogya setu app: ye kab hua?
Kal PUBG Khelne kyu nai aaya tu? Battery low thi bhai...Bsdk Riya ke saath Ludo khelne ke liye Battery thi
dating, let alone marrying a g*rl who is not a virgin literally makes you a cuck, change my mind
first date with a vegan
same energy
girls after losing 100 rupees boys after donating 1500 crore
it was at this moment jacob knew he fucked up
CS Mech Civil
WHEN SOMEONE SAYS " BOBITA JI AINT THAT HOT !" Aujar kaat sale ka!
when a stranger suddenly helps you
students :the maths teacher won't come today because of the Rain The math's teacher:
NITIN Real I'D se aao "Katrina"
Multiple choice questions be like
Bhaiya ko janwar bhi marna h..., gareeb logo ko sadak sei swarg tak bhi le jana h...,achee actors ko marne pei mazboor bhi karna hai aur being human bhi pehna hai.... Sala Harami Dogla
happy SIBLINGS Day tag your siblings
Best Female and Male singer from Section D in one frame @sahil_cpp
mera koi bhai nahi hai
i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
stop scrolling and come with us,join vanar sena we need another monkey
MoonShanky @MoonShanky When she asks youo for a date and you end up roasing her soo bad that she leaves you and go back home. *Why am I like this?*
im long and strong and down to get the goat hump on
koi gubbare fulane mein meri madad karega?Iyer karega Iyer idli Chacha ji mereko gubbare fulane nahi aata Jhooth bolta h bebuchek
We live in a society... Just unfair things
another reason why guys love to attend marriage function
I am married do not disturb I am already very disturbed
Gaurav Bhatt(stan) @B_RABBIT001 When everyone uploading their dancing, singing, cooking Videos on social Media during Quarantine *Me who doesn't have any talent*
chappel bachaane ki ninja technique
I Love You,I Love You2,I Love You3,I Love You4,I Love You5,I Love You6,I Love You7,I Love You8,I Love You9,I Love You10,I Love You11,I Love You12,I Love You13,I Love You14,I Love You15,I Love You16,I Love You17,I Love You18,I Love You19,I Love You20,I Love You21,I Love You22,I Love You23,I Love You24,I Love You25,I Love You26,I Love You27,I Love You28,I Love You29,I Love You30,I Love You31,I Love You32,I Love You33,I Love You34,I Love You35,I Love You36,.... Whatsapp Headquarters:
believe me i'm a very bad porson..with and 12 others.
Quarantine Day 10:Me to the galli ka kutta:Beta ek zamana tha jab hum bhi sadak mai ghuma karte the
take me out for dinner first then you have my permission to play lol
The most beautiful photograph you'll see all day.
RAM NE RAVAN KO MARA LEKIN VASTAV ME HERO KAUN THA ? KAUN THA  SANJAY DUTT
bas yuhi hasti rehna kabhi patna mat
* Youtube vs Tiktok *pubg players
Main MC hoon jo plane mein aaya
What drink you ordering?
pakistani NGO'S arranges a rally of over 20,000 people to raise awareness about corona virus. Maarenge bhi hum aur bachaayenge bhi hum
Diwali Ki chuttiyaan Exams after Diwali SCOOPWHOOP.com
Me to my friends: Bhai yaar kuch nahi aarha… answer dikah dey yaar plzz Also me: गलत हुआ तो गला काट देने मादरचोद
You virgins are crying during quarantine like you did anything when you were out.
married men in girl's DM
FINALLY KOKILA BEN KO SHAANTI MILI
This is the reason why Indian youth is not coming to politics In India In other country
they still finished the popcorn before the movie started
Others: Me:
*Manthra suggesting Vanvaas for Shri Ram**Me and the boys watching Helplessly*
I bet $1000000.This is the first thing the guy do in the first night:
this is lynn. lynn got a watch for her birthday. just kidding. she hasn't opened her present yet
i'm not saying you are a slut but you go out with everyone
when you have to take another picture for mom
no impact on indian economy due to coronavirus,says anurag thakur THIS IS FINE. India BloombergQuint #coronavirus has created uncertainty in every aspect of business,says MoS finance anurag thakur JUST IN
Kitna deti hai bhai?
tag ur future wife
what girl's think boy's notice in party's what we boy's ectually notice in party's
story of my life 1080 p 144p
aparichit (2005) ambi, who always talks so much about rules, doesn't wear a helmet
i went through my boyfriend's phone and saw things i wasn't prepared for
 You are hot! "Oh, thank You!" Pagal aurat bukhar hai tujhe ...... heroine mat ban
Me:*invites some friends over*My Father:'
This is how arnab goswami will walk into republic bharat studio
The number plate says it all.
Ice cream kitne ki hai?. Konsi?... 10/ruply wali Maro BC ko
DREAM OF EVERY MAN
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
when you do a fat rail but you still feel down
Dekho...wo aa gyi
first night of arranged marriage be like:
yeah bitches 6,000,000 kill streak
uncle daddy says that i have to wash my pussy cos mummy says my brothers cock tastes different
CHENNAI SUPER KINGS  CHENNAI SUNRISERS HYDERABAD SUPER KINGS BEATS SUNRISERS HYDERABAD BY 7 WICKETS 1st Position …main aagaya
Meri power ko mar bhul tu Mujhe yaad rakhne ki jrurat nahin
Never ever try late & last night studies for exam with gf I Repeat never ever
RESTURANT BILL KA WAISA WASOOL TO YAHI SE KARTE HAI.. IG -GHANTAA
you get a lifetime supply of oregano and chilli flakes on one order of dominos
Senior Journalist and anchor Rohit Sardana has passed away Just a few days back he was busy helping people through his socila media. May god give strength to his young family, Om Shanti
SCOOPWHOOP.com XS S
Market mein maggi kahan hai? Gaand mein daal liye ho kya maggi saala sab
Extroverts right now Maar hi daalogye kya behenchod SCOOPWHOOP.com
Don't cry no one cares Start smiling and everyone will start getting jealous.
Don't claim to be a Game Of Thrones fan if you don't remember this scene.
ONE WISE LIFE MY MOUTH HAS NO FILTER, I SAY WHAT I ACTUALLY WANT TO SAY.
Was rejected by director for looking 'too intelligent':Swara Bhasker.Written by Aakanksha Raghuvanshi Entertainment Kislay Jha Alia Bhatt ya Sonam Kapoor ki biopic k liye audition dene gyi thi kya
When you accidentally open front camera but you're cute
China Blocks Narendra Modi'd website Modi ji:- Ruk teri MAA Ch*** hai mein
Literally nobody:Boys with their notebook:
Due to heavy pollution in Delhi,it's difficult even to breathe there.A wise young man giving oxygen to a Delhi girl via mouth-to-mouth.
i wanted to dress my nephew as a zombie, but he ended up looking like a full stack developer
"Tumhara result decide nahi karta hai ki tum loser ho ki nahi, tumhari koshish decide karti hai" I still remember this dialogue from Chhichhore. Can't believe, he commites suicide #SushantSinghRajput
5 year old litte me after going to terrace without wearing any footwear in hot summer
2017 2018 2019 2020
he is proving that grown adults can be a bully
ask that dumb ass question again and i'll head out
*indians with siri,alexa,google assistant in free time*
*Kunal kamra fails to make people laugh* rahul gandhi: technique hi galat hai tumhari
"How's life"Me:hahaha weeeee
when ur net income is of 14lac but u somehow convert it to 65lac by using some credit card tricks:HACKERMAN
D!CK PIC PIE CHART demand supply
FULL TANK KARNE KE BAAD GHAR JATA HUA MAI
some boys after having long hair
this is me in Morning Afternoon Evening Night
3 mahine pahle tune hi bola tha na,ki corona virus garmi me mar jayega Haa,bola tha.
daya breaks the door with push sticker abhijeet darwaza kya toda? daya:
This is bit weird
when you accidentally wish "sweet dreams" your diabetic friend
recruiter added me on linkedin so i guess things are getting pretty serious
he owns an ice cream shop
where did you learn to do it so good? me when i was 2
Real love is when someone knows how to wait!
Girls gonna take picture like this and still hate on each other.
dream of every boy to see there neighbourhood bhabhi geting wet in rain
they: ruk ja bhai, kuch nahi karega, ruk! the dog:
When it's your Crush bday And you post her pic in story, But she posts everyone's stories SS except yours. Ho sakta hai unhe humse rishta nahi rakhna hai…koi bat nahi humari trf se bhi koi jabardasti nahi hai
*Manthra suggesting Vanvas for Shri Ram* * me and the boys watching Helplessly*
Neetu singh finally opened up about her son Ranbir kapoor's failed relationships!She said,"Ranbir Kapoor gets trapped into wrong relationships because of his soft/kind nature and inability to say no to girls"
best things in the summer
gonna tell my kids they were daft punk
choot vol 1- ew it's so sexist we shouldn't listen to it yes WAP-this is the best song ever gonna twerk to the trend it's awsome
Kishan singh @00747 "I nominate you to --" चुप मादरचोद
you cant speel advertisements without semen between the tits who are you, who are so wise in ways of science?
walking on road a random uncle to me:oye betichod me:hnn sasurji
when she broke up with me after 3 years of relationship: mast mamu banaya re isko chhan se jo tute koi sapna jagg suna suna laage
Never ever try late & last night studies for exam with gf i repeat never ever
Zindagi achhi khasi kat rahi thi phir mark ZUCKERBERG paida hogaya
DAD SPENDING MONEY ON MY EDUCATION 
All you have to do is sign up and apply a coupon code Bhai coupan code ho to kya kuch nahi ho sakta
Chaalan se bachne ke liye licence ya RC thode chahiye hota hai,Helmet chahiye hota he helmet.
2nd person in your tag list on his/ her first night
Nobody is busier than a person not interested in you "Let me close the fridge I'll call you back"
There is no age for love.
santoor wali mummy
google mag showing shortest path
INKA ALAG GAME CHAL RAHA HAI
if she has chubby cheeks then make her your wife
dhaval balai okay,so here is the first look of movie based on #sushantSinghRajput's life named #suicideormurder starring #sachinTiwari is a lead role.What do you think,can he portray the role properly?#sushantTruthNow suicide or murder
boy weakness girls weakness
i've been here once. beautiful land and people
hey senorita,need some margarita?
you're all wrong the earth isn't flat or round its fucked
Galatfehmi bahut badi galatfehmi RCB IPL jeetegi
Fake news haath jod kar gujarish hai aapse, dur rahiye mere abba se
University exam in South Kore Shivan raj Don't give them ideas
Business Kaafi Faila hua Business hai
will you tell the cat bullying is not okay?
people's birthday my birthday
#INDvsENG the angrez in the first test The angrez in last three tests
Beta, kya ye hmari Sanskriti hai? Aunty ye to Riya hai Aapki Saanskriti kisi aor ped ke neeche hogi.
themishaagrawalshow misha_agrawal me to my mom these days oh madam ji mai tera BAI nahi hai
external asking me questions in viva me who knows silence is the best answer
When You Have Two Sim Card In Your Mobile But No Network
when Mom says, " Idhar aaja.... Nahi marungi.." BUlati hai.... Magar jaane ka nai...
sonu sood I request everyone to support students who are forced to appear for offline board exams in these tough times.With the number of cases rising to 145k a day i feel there should be an internal assessment method to promote them rather than risking so many lives #cancelboardexam2021 *students Odin is with us
don't wait for this,please plant trees plant hopes Oxygen station
ONLINE ISN'T REAL
never tell anyone your plans,show them your results instead #naachkpagal#dhinchakpooja abhishek ghoshal i use naach ke pagal as my alarm tone for 6:00am. Now i wake up at 5:30...!thankyousoomuch #dhinchakpooja
*november every year* delhi and north india Ah shit, here we go again. SCOOPWHOOP.com
she: i forgot my wallet he: damm that' s crazy
Ved Yajurved mukh shrimukh Agent Binod
honestly i'm probably single because.. i never forwarded those chain messages in 2008
Bruh Anthony Mackjie always look like  he konow something about you.
remembering 2019
ZAMEEN TAARE PAR
My brain trying to differentiate between Dhaniya and Pudina
trash cans were invented in 1883: people in 2021:
Person Responsible for Mumbai's Power cut As delhi lost to Mumbai Indians In yesterday's IPL Match Revenge Taken Successfully !
MOM DAUGHTER Beti se zyada hot maa hai ghorr kalyug!!!
they can kill the messenger but they can't kill the message
Me leaving the gym after using all the equipment wrong and taking selfies
Ye Ambani pura Paksitan kharid skta hai *Le Ambani lekin main Tatti kyu kharidunga bc
Neighborhood aunty be like
Bas bharosa mat tootne dena, baki har baat hum hans kar seh lenge
*During lockdown* After I already had 5 Cups of Tea But Mom Asks"Chai Peeyega"? Me: Pee Lenge thoda
You can enjoy life and build wealth at the same time. They key is knowing where the line is between enjoying life & destroying your future.
My 1st rakshabandhan with my hubby Didi daru me kya milaya tha
a head diaper is required when you have shit for brains
1)the haircut i demand frm my barber 2)the haircut he gives me always...
Paisa hi paisa hoga
1 WEEK JUICE SCHEDULE FOR GLOWING SKIN MONDAY Cucumber juice TUESDAY Tomato juice WEDNESDAY Carrot juice THURSDAY Spinach juice FRIDAY Beetroot juice SATURDAY Celery juice FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL 
I miss you more than I show I love you more than I know
GYM MOTIVATION*Other countries-lets kill this workout session bro IN INDIA-saale itni se body nhi banegi,Pooja ko patana hai na?chal ek aur set maar
*Delhi Police Just gonna stand there and watch you burn…
When parents are at home when no one is at home
indians few days ago calling people "kalu""kaliya"cuz they are black in colour, hardik pandya is windies cuz he is black,trolling south indians by their skin colour now:#BlackLivesMatter we were bad,but now we're good
IG:@bcbilli Vijay Mallya, Sunil Gavaskar ko sikhate hue ki sbi ki app se loan ke liye kaise apply karte hai
Another greatmove to help the migrant workers Central Govt. and Railways is all set to pay 85% of the total ticket charges of Migrant workers and asked the state govt. to pay the rest 15%
Everyone"Say no to crackers"*Le Modi jii:Hold my panchamrit
when you start to choke but your uncle knows the heimlich maneuver
SCOOPWHOOP.com list of people you've dated It's blank
DAD : Beta I Fruity or I Beer Lekr Ana Backbenchers: Acha to aap Fruity Peyenge DAD: DAD* ME*
Asia Cup 2018: Confident Hasan Ali Claims to take all '10 Wickets' against India Muh se moongfali toot nahi rahi Gaand se akhrott todega kya?
When you have only one bother and his girlfriend broke his heart
Dr.Gill ikpsgill1 moderna:our vaccine is 94% effective Pfizer:our vaccine is 95%effective pooja beauty parlour:our waxing is 100% effective just indian things
Woman can slay one day and look homeless the next day are the best!
humne unse pucha,apke dil me jane ka rasta kidhar hai wo tange faila ke boli aa ghus ja bsdk
Dekh liya madhvi tappu ke sath ghumne ka natija
Some kid:I'm 6 years old Me:cool Some kid:I was born in 2015 Me:
super wala man @Sarcastic_Fanta *Online Class* Teacher- Amit kaha h? Me- Paani pine gaya hai mam, mai bula kar lau? Teacher- translate tweet
Rice को हम बिहारी कहते है "भात" और लड़की ऐसी पटाओ जो बोले - …s*x karoge hamare sath?
*Ambani starts Laxmi Pujan* Laxmi ji:JYAADA HO RAHA HAI
Spoiler without context #Modiaagya
Mistake Big mistake Telling your crush name to your bestfriend
bitch please go back to england
the biggest warrior in the world Maa
from girlfriend boyfriend to husband wife that all is want
mutthal toh mutthal howe hai chaahe BMW driver ho ya truck driver
Me as a wife Me bore ho rahi hun idr ayn apka makeup kardun
one day with my love
सुशांत प्रकरण ......अर्नब प्रकरणनतर.. केंद्रीय तापस यंत्रणा.....अगदी सुण्या मिनटआत पहुचतो
"nevr forget" - you said... we didn't forget and we are fighting this together
any good singer releases new song pata nahi aise situations mein. main automatically aage kaise aa jata hoor
Reporter:Modiji aap hmesha raat ko speech kyu dete hai??Modi Ji:#NarendraModi PM hu isliye shaam ko ata hu AM hota to din me ata
Boss:we need to stop testing our products on animals Me:but why..?Boss:because we make DI_IDOS!
Look,man...I got a masters in electrical engineering Welcome to BASKIN-ROBBINS The most realistic scene in any MARVEL movie
Pyar ka farz kuch is tarah nibhai wo Khud to ch*di hi,Saheli ko bhi ch*dwayi wo
O Tera sang yaara…khush rang bahaara… Ghar toh aaja yaara.. Phir dekh nazaara..
People who are unable to hear Peole who don't want to hear
When you and your homies hire escorts in Bangkok neechey se check kar..neechey se!
kya joke mara hai mera pura parivaar hass raha hai
If you don't intend to pay attention in my class,why are you coming?Sir,somethimes it's not about attention it's about attendance
EI Gujju EIGujju almost every desi parent to their kid when it comes to their education and upbringing #wholesomememe arre tu fikar naa kar paise ka
Sorry girls I only date models. SELF CONFIDENCE LEVEL 1000
Russian basketball player Ekaterina Lisina and her husband
one again it's proved bad people dont deserve a nose!
Seduction cant get anu better than this
govt.using liquor to revive economy. Hamra economy ab tohre hath mein hai kachra.
mohabbat thi isiliye jaane diya.. Aalo hota toh machine mein daal kar sona bana deta..
ab tu argument ke bich me DC Fan "Save martha!"le aaega toh me kya hi bol sakta hu
me:chai ya coffee?she:chai me:
Hindustani Bhau has beedn arrested for holdling a protest to cancel XII exams he used an ambulance to reach the destination as it won't be stopped by police.He allegedly misused vital medical facility.
yadi isko corona virus ho jaye toh..ye china walon ki poori ankhen khol dega..
aishwarya's passport picture  truly one of the most beautiful girls in the world
the face they make when you've left the "plantation" and you no longer think like them
preparation in online cllasses offline exam
THIS GIRL IS 21 NOW TIME FLIES
why girls wanna be mermaids: 1. no pants 2. no periods 3. perfect hair 4. you get to lure men to their deaths well that escalated quickly
Pressing Clothes* Kids Iron Legends MI Phone
When someone ask me directions for the city I've lived my entire life*
one simple question why are we letting one man systematically destroy our nation before our eyes? answer mitch mcconnell
no, this isn't photoschop this is just a floor with modern 3d tiles
i don't always fuck midgets but when i do, i go balls deep
can someone plz be proud of me like fuck im trying
Hi Can u do me a favor and lend me 200k pliz I don't have right now Can I use mine and u pay me back when u get?
When general caste guy gets job in India:Ye toh sach he ki bhagwan he
Feminist didi ne mujhse pucha Do men bleed? Maine kaha bhak randi mujhe bawaseer hai
sudha choubey @choubey_tweets Boys after 2-3 minutes of chat with any girl Number Chahiye Mereko
Just a baby chimpanzee and his friend the baby gorilla..
Result ka kya hua beta?Me bihar board ka student hu..
be right back left the gas on
a scene from indian tv show
Whoever is he,he did a Great Job 100 collected all the Plastics from his Area
18 years old Nepali girl danced for nonstop 126 hours and she craeted a new Guiness book world record Me Meri ex ne mjhe 1 saal tak nachaya mjhe kia mila Just now Like Reply
work from home 800 a day swipe up and contact him
me in real lide me on ista SCOOPWHOOP.com
Girls after 1 FIR Boys after going to jail
if you could kick an obama in the nuts which would it be?
darwaza matt kholana bohot khatarnaak log hai tumhare birthday pe tumhe he peetenge or kharcha bhi tumhi se karayenge
doing your own things while enjoying each other's compny is the best feeling. I just want you around me
Desire of every young guy to get trapped by that unsatisfied milf in neighborhood
when coinDCX comes with an offer you can't deny:mere pass ek scheme hai
Thank you Madam Ji Aakash Dey Avi tere naam se hi gand dhoyegi chinta mt kr
Harami Bahut Harami Phir vo dost jo aapko parents k naam se bulaate hai
in search of love don't lose your friends
pays electricity , DTH and mobile bill via phonepe people who have to do all these manually:
Tamil Nadu candidate promises free helicopter,iphone,trip to moon in election; me and my boys going to shifted in tamil nadu:
*JEE/NEET* *PUBG ban* Students: Marro hmko maaro,hmko zinda mat chordo saalo  SCOOPWHOOP.com
This is me in future Xavier Okay. what are you selling behind?
hindi Version Only
remember behind every one of us is a police
kahaan manat mangi ti be
don't forget guys may is buy your wife a new gun month
India is a country where, Kids det success by eating bournvita girls get success by applying Fair & Lovely And men get success by eating Rajnigandha Ye padhai- Likhai aur degree to bas moh maya hai.
ME:DAD,i want to be a hair stylist Dad:first complete your engineering B.TECH hair cut Gents Parlour
MY PHONE MY PHONE
sakinaka junction in 2221AD Miss one turn and you reach Sri Lanka.
tik tok owner bas na, bas karo na
Maria Stevenson @Mariakaigai This is the fastest thing in the world,
when you have so much cocaine but nobody to share it with
aapda ko avsar mai badley
Mom:nai bhaiya 20 rupay se ek paisa zayada nai dungi! Sabzi wala: bhabhi 30 me khardia hai maine *meanwhile me who's holding 15kg vegetables Jaldi karo,idhar haath dukhta hai re baba!
bharat ki australia mein ek etihasik jeet ka drashya
Best face swap ever
everyone is saying happy holi but... no one is asking are you happy on this holi?
120 26 of 60 Fri, 3 Apr PBKS RCB Starts at 7:30 pm
"Bhai,naya twitter account bana ke aaunga to shoutout dega?"
banega digital india  because har phone pe phonepe hai people who use phonepe people who use only cash
Superman : *flies off* Wonder Woman: *flies off* Green Lantern:* flies off* Flash : *Already there*  Batman:
Hello bro, you good at math right? Hi, Yes I'm! good, if I cut a acke into 3 pieces, each piece will be 0.333 of the main piece, right? Correct Ok if we multiply 3 by 0.333 we get 0.999 so what happened to 0.001? You will find it on the knife ohh…thanks
obama:listen carefully .Modi will come & tell u 'Please visit my country'. Don't fall in the trap by saying 'U too'
amitabh ji right now:
left wing rahul gandhi should be next pm of india no arwind kejriwal will be next pm right wing bois jan jan ki yahi pukar abki baar yogi sarkar
reaction of your girlfriend after seeing @desi_adult_trolls memes DESI ADULT  TROLLS
When you fart thinking it's just a fart,but that fart comes out with some potty You to your ass:ye tune kya kiyaaaa?
Tajikistan Belize Rwanda Caribbean
if you give me 100 young boys, i can change the nation - bill gates and if you give me 100 young girlsi can create another nation
Kuch jyada hi straightfor ward ho gaya….SBI life Insurance… ऊपर जाने का रास्ता  
shree mat kaho usse !
*3 y/o sibling after walking 2 min. on road*
@Paytm Can you change your name to Binod? Be a sport, C'mon Market lo BINOD following chustunte mental ochestundi
Melinda after divorcing bill gates share with your friends
weekend hai party karte hain month-end hai i'm broke SCOOPWHOOP.com
Aalu se sona kaise nikaloge? Matlab aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but sochenge
some pictures don't need captions
yadi isko CorOna Virus ho jaye toh....Ye China walon ki Poori Ankhen Khol Dega..
aise hi rakh bas dekh tere ungliyon ke beech se vimal ki pichkari nikalta hu!
When you rush with money but the 'KULFI WALA'is already gone
goat porn star
this is what maks girls attractivce
ludo king to PUBG during this lockdown.Pichhli baar kya bola tha?aukaat?
my favorite sex position is the challenger i go hard for 73 seconds then prematurley blow
lending money to that friend who already has to return your money like :*Friend mujhpar bharosa nahi hai?
Me ignoring you How badly I want to talk to you
Can You Guess The Name Of This Sweet Innocent Child In The Pic ???
GIRLS WHO WEAR GLASSES ARE EVIL
friendly reminder: a hooker and con man are in the white house fucking things up
The person Hobby
i got some down bitches i can call
abdul, you moron! i said "bag the oat and wheat"! not "shag the goat meat"!
chandi jaisa rang hai tera sone jaise baal
you the guy she told you not to worry about SCOOPWHOOP.com
sir!main ek teacher hun,school ke liye late ho rahi thi toh jaldi jaldi mein driving licence ghar par hi bhul gayi khana khana bhulti ho?nahi na?toh driving licence kaise bhul gayi?karma is a bitch
When I ask my mom to buy a dog Mom- Mere liye tum Kaafi ho
people with beards are just people without beards with beards
when her toes start throwing up gang signs u hit that spot
you knew i was a snake when you let me in
AMiEe kyy faida etni leg exercise k jbb tum apne pairo se break hi n lga sko
pay the bill for your food or draw 25
chetan sakariya 3 big wickets Adisunman
dafaq is wrong with robbert's dog
queen of transparent saree genelia vs samantha
Melania,Donald Trump headed for Divorce?Ex-White house aide claims first lady is 'Counting Minutes' Melania trump might be negotiating a prenup agreement to ensure her and Donald Trump's son Barron gets an equal share in the Trump fortune.Dhanda karo toh bada karo trump bhai ,warna mat karo
when you're still alive after years of destructive alcohol and drug abuse  life, uh, finds a way
guess who's back on top test team rankings rank team rating 1 India 122 2  new zealand 118 3 austarlia 113 4 england 105 5 pakistan 90 6 south africa 89 7 srilanka 83 8 west indies 80 9  afghanistan 57 10 bangladesh 51
Every donation matters, doesn't matter how small it is. #IndiaFightsCorona
Ae Kohli चौका मरना …... Abey lovkdown ka fyada uthao Mummy Papa bano ….... Magar nahi tumeh toh meme material Banna hai.
when the kush so good you lose chromosomes
The person The hobby
Girls be like Upload picture with caption."Look me in the eyes"
no it doesn't affect my baby 8÷2(2+2)=1 12 years later
homeless girl in Europe looks like my dream girl
treat her right.She'll love you blindly
aish ho rahi hai?film industry mei to sabki aish hoti hai aish sabki nahin hoti,Laxman
when you find out who's been eating your leftovers
A doctor feeding a 2 Months old c+rona positive baby
1000 ka chlan katne k baad
The smartest girl explaining that the answer is 54.3 Teacher not impressed because she didn't used the right method my boy's who got 75125.2 instead of 54.3 me still don't know what is the name of the subject and wandering why priya is absent today
sir agar #kashmiroperation main jyada khun kharaba action hoga to script aap mujhe dijiyega aur agar shanti se nipat jaye mamla to script akshay ko de dijiyega
video calling with bestfriends video calling with boyfriend
sonamkapoor helps millions across the nation during lockdown.By not releasing her movie
when you meet that gender studies student again my genders have doubled since the last time we met
each boy has that one girl he will never lose feelings for her.
SCOOPWHOOP.com Aaj apple event hai Apne paas kaun se paise hain
kaun hai woh log friends mujhe bhabhi q bolre h best friends hai
damn, their little date went god
real animal lovers
Name any one out of these
Hello bille Rajinikanth bol raha hu Haan pata hai bhai Tujhe kaise pata laga phone switch off tha
family are gathered in the kitchen the mum is watching her son interact with his sister
20 SQUATS DAILY TRY THIS DAILY AND GET Improves Body balance Make leg muscle strong Tones your entire body Builds confidence Best for runners Prevents injury FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL
me pausing my music to see if my mom is really calling me or if it's just the song
Nobody Literally Nobody People after knowing me: Aap lagte bhole ho lekin ho nahi 
wow
if jokes don't work..don't laugh ,they are not jokes made with mematic they are motivational quotes
Perfect licence plate doesn't exis.. BJ69420
Mention your three friends
my warmup is your workout
sat,26dec forget your EX,find your PRESENT this christmas IRONIC
whatsapp bandi se milne gaya hai na?sab pata hai mereko
Lockdown ke baavjoot jb koi phone pe puche "Kahan hai?" CHAND PE HAI APUN
five finger meth punch
Cost of the car is equal to the cost of License Plate =$500,000
perfect wife doesn't exist
आज मेरे पास गाड़ी है, बंगला है, बैंक बैलेंस है तुम्हारे पास क्या है ?......मेरे पास, रश्मि शुक्ला है…....#RashmiShuklaTapping
mention your tiddi bestie
beauty of maharashtra rajmachi waterfalls-Pune
SC:#Adultery is not a crime anymore."Sharing the physical intimacy is personal choice."#Section497 Savdhaan india & Crime petrol:aapne to humse hamara masala hi chheen liya
Be Loyal with your Partner
Still I can't concentrate at Malavika's face DESI ADULT TROLLS
yeh bol rha hai thode se democrats khareed ke trump ki sarkar banwa dete hai.
paan bech raha hai ya vaccine?
Happy Dhanteras Mitron Agar tum mil jao,kamana chhod denge hum
GIRLS DRESS IN SUMMER SEASON BOY'S DRESS IN SUMMER SEASON
Me:Yeh PUBG wale aajkal ludo kyon khel rahe hai?My Friend:Aurat ka chakkar babu bhaiya aurat ka chakkar
THANKS CALVINKLEIN
true people think this is life actually this is life
Samajhdaar ko ishare kaafi hai
me turn on T.V. *T.V *Me *Mobile
the big bull's dirirector thinking about how to copy 'scam 19992'
Aisa naa humein tum dekho
I Love You I have a Boyfriend Toh OLX pe bech de, Purana jayega tabhi toh naya aayega.
After betraying harsad,bhusan is now playing cricket for India.*MC Bhusan
18 year old shivangi spends 3 hours everyday on an App called memechat,where she just makes memes on current affairs ,ipl,news & she earned 11,000MC(1MC=1INR)in last 4 weeks!11202.46MC Balance "Memechat has helped me collect a handful of pocket money to cover my daily and education expenses",says shivangi.digital india ,indeed.!
Arey mujhe chakkar aane laga hai
me:thank god everything is getter better now.hope it gets better.le corona. Abhi hum zinda hai
adam schiff used tax payer money to pay off a 19 year old male due to sexual harrassment claims echo, if you are sick of this creepy & dosgraceful hypocrite, trashing our president !
when you're muslim but you have oil
When you find out your normal daily lifestyle is called "quarantine"
My wife's expectations on Dhanteras Me on Dhanteras
people wonder why social distancing will never work in india
Even if I'm angry with you,I'll always wait for your text
Once upon a time…
Losing a friend is worse than a breakup!
when a couple start hugging eachother publicly on #hugday me and my friends: band karo band karo, khule mein hagna band karo
ATM card after one year
Maa mai kaisa dikhta hun? Apni girlfriend se puch le.. Meri girlfriend nahi hai maa To khud hi samjh jaa
You Never know this feeling
lo chali main usse patatha waqai chali jaegi
From sab milke plan banate hai To sab milne ka plan banate hai We all grew up.
Amit Shah:Joe bhai jeeti gaya Modiji:OH NO!ANYWAY
Are bhai kon ho tum?Sir hum 'PELE' hai Are pele to hum tumse jyada Hai tum apna naam batao
i just met you, and this is crazy but i love bath salts, and you look tasty
saif and kareena blessed with another boy! meanwhile taimur:
india can increase its GDP In 5 minutes by FA
CRUSH: HI MY BRAIN:
me:what's wrong?her:nothing also her:
Me Open Book For Study And Than Open Instagram *Books : Haan ye karlo pehle
*When i follow my married crush* Her Daughter to me;
michael j fox will always be marty mcfly to me
Ty for this beautiful ring u made my day u much much
Jaanu kya main hot hu Haan Bohot..KAL se paranthe tujh par hi sekunga BC
the face she makes when she dumps a load
well, there it is the stupidest fucking thing i've seen all day
closing time one last call for green cards you dont have to go home but you cant stay here
sonu bhai always helping the needy
Dulhe ka baap, jab shaadi mein bin bulaaye mehmaan aa jaye MPL Ye koun?
me going to school after my parents didn't belive that i had a heart attack in my stomach
when you walk past the special ed classroom and see them gangbanging the teaher (jazz music stops)
random dude got roasted for posting his new haircut on the internet for no reason
IN DREAMS KATRINA KAIF SHARDDHA KAPOOR DHINCHAK POOJA
when you get shot in the groin by a rubber bullet and your made-up gender doesn't protect your willie
kya mai DEADPOOL lag rha hu frens?Raid me pakdi hui r*nd lag rha hai
did you know when squirrels land on the ground, they look like superheroes
Dekhoo magar pyaar se
when you've already explained why your mad 3 times & he still don't get it let's just fight
IT IS TIME TO GO Was I Good Actor? NO. I’m TOLD YOU WERE THE BEST.
road contracter* heavy driver
My name is Lee ,Brett Lee Jaspreet My name is Preet,jaspreet Quinton De kock Can we stop this?
pray for the starving children while i hold this gold thingy
I never get tired of you I won't in future also I will never stop loving you
while other states are struggling for oxygen,kerela govt. already built oxygen plants.They are now supplied to other states Kerala has enough oxygen production; supplying oxygen to other states,says official
When I remember that my future depends on me
professional chefs watching our insta stories  Main kya karun fir, job chhod doon?
vikas singh chaudhary vikascasm 2020 is healing,shahid afridi back in form just pakistani things
oh you're offended i'm sure i have some thicker skin for you in the back
about my page there will be shit you don't like, i'm going to post it anyway
In 1920, 8 year old Samuel Reshevsky played chess with several chess masters at once.He lost every single game. 
"Did I lock the Lock?"
aur agar lattoo ghoomta rahey toh samajh jana abhi bhi dream main ho. Bohot intellectual movie hai, 3 baar dekhne ke baad samjha
When someone asks me "DINNER KIYA?"at 11:50 PM
That friend who always make sure you look good.
Aur Daalo Thoda Aur Daalo Itna thik hai Chini, Chai mein
15 year olds posting whatsapp DP as just because we don't talk doesn't mean i don't think about you BHOSDIKE pehle homework kar apna
Me rn in 2021
reaction of nick jonas when he got to know that he married a woman who blows sparkling candle
#21daylockdown *21 din wine shop band,cigarette shop band only essential commodity ki shops open rahegi* nashedi friend:
The vogue teen @Kiskinazarlagi Show this to your mom Kishan Jhunjhunwala @Jhunjhunastic Mummy bol rahi isko bolo khaana khaane, thuddi ki haddiya dikh rahi
look who is blocking the road today..
Chalo sab log ek ek kavita sunao 1.mota marta moti pe bhookha marta roti pe 2.master ji ki do betiyan me to marta choti pe 3.me moti pe
When  u truly love someone,you just want them to be happy even if it's not with you
Bestfriend:Bhai Quarantine chal raha ek ladki hi patwa de.! Me: Koi aur baat karni aati he aapko
अब हम वो लिबिर लिबिर करने वाले फिंच नहीं रहे, अब चाहिए हमको फुल इज्जत !
foreign tour ban:supreme court of India has banned PM Modi's foreign tour. Calm down calm down
when you marry a fashion designer girl and she daily serves you food
main 'woke' hoon na
रोटी वापस नहीं आनी चाहिए तेरी   
When you see it!
the person hobby
siri take me home starting route to jail
BJP when muslims question their decisions my country BJP when hindus ask about the steady economic decline our country
everything in this picture is in your pocket
tu dhoom 2 mein thi na?
when your crush tells about her qualities that she is a foodie so u ask her, konsi?maa di ya behn di?
I KNOW EVERYTHING HAPPENS FOR A REASON BUT WHAT FU K FedEx
zoom karo zoom karo
*stays late up night to perfect the CV*interviewer:tell me something whih is not in this CV.
Ab ye kaunsa locker hay ?
When an engineer's Wife ask him to cook
when some body adds another plate to the sink while i'm washing the dishes
Thand main Divorce...!Kuch bhi kaho..Ladka hai bada himmatwala..!
inspirational movies be like: villain who practiced all his life hero who did a two months crash course
15 year old me trying to force two magnets to touch with  the same poles
when you glue your ass shut so your uncle can't rape you survival
new eraser which my dad bought for me my pencil 10yo me enjoying poking holes in my eraser
so i was just passing by and i noticed this R.D.SHARMAPAV BHAJI
that's gayer than cum on a mustache
*Younger sister *Elder sister
always choose the girl who is with you when you have nothing. 
The girl you love her dad her brother her ex her current boyfriend and you
the new normal for every middle class family
yeh government office me kaam karane ke liye 100-200 jyada dena jruri hai kya?  SCOOPWHOOP.com
Kings And King-Makers @confused.aatma
is someone using the oven? cuz i smell gas
When u see a hot girl When u see a Auntie's
Katrina confirming if tiger zinda hai
भाई वो सब सही है पर हमारे यहाँ यह शीशे के ग्लास कोल्डड्रिंक को अपने साथ नहीं ले जाने देते
If you got a chance to date any one of them who will you prefer Single girl Married women
when you have to make your own pool
how many more mass shootings must we orchestrate before you give up your guns?
when you're muslim but you have oil
#CricketMachao *Ballebaazi app giving me 100% sign up bonus *Me who is winning lakhs in innings fantasy
chief crooked bone spurs aka donald trump proving you don't have to be poor to be white trash
when she replied within a second...Kya ladki banegi re tu...
Jaa simran jaa jee le apni zindagi Kaise jau Babuji lockdown hai
Look at her smile
CRUSH - Meri Shaadi Me Aaoge Na…? ME- Ha.Kyu Nahi, Zaroor Aaunga… INNER ME- Meri Nahi.Humari Bol Pagli
From this "Please bhai maan jaa" To this "Mat maan maa Ch*da" We all grew up
nothing is stronger than love except a tiger ii
netflix/youtube sleep SCOOPWHOOP.com
DESI ADULTS TROLLS No other outfit is seductive as saree
bhuvneswar Watching Finch's innings be like...साला उ कबसे इतना बड़ा बैट्समैन हो गया
Narendra Optimus Prime Minister
When Life gives you dubey make it Oramod not Vikas
tag chocolate lover
extroverts after a month of lockdown Tu to hasna bhool gaya mere bachhe
take me back to these days  SCOOPWHOOP.com
coinDCX is giving bitcoin of worth 100Rs to it's every new user!! 100 rupay ke bitcoin dega!
when it's too hot rich people me
Is this how success looks like?Rishab Pant updated his profile picture Adam Gilchrist It's not just about how many you get,but  also when you get them.If you can somehow sync the first with the second,when the team needs it most,you're a true match winner.Looking at you
moment you realise that this dog has better life than you
what did you say? i didn't quite catch that
BREAKING NEWS...अक्षय कुमार पर भड़के तैमूर बोले "चंद्रयान के नाम पर पैसा कामना चाहता है भडवा, मिशन मई कुछ दिक्कत हुयी तो अक्षय भरे पैसा"
AGAR 30-40 METER TAK APKO OPPO-VIVO KA KOI POSTER NA MILE TO SAMJH LENA, AAP CHALTE CHALTE BHARAT KI SEEMA PAAR KAR CHUKE HO
खतरे से 81 सेमि . ऊपर घाघरा .... ताइवान में जल "तांडव" घाघरा के आगे " नदी " तो लिख देते कमीनो
Me waking up from my 15 hours sleep and thinking of sleeping again but I'm afraid of my mom.
Quarantine day 10 : Me encouraging police for beating everyone on road Khopdi Tod Saale Ka
CAT OWNERS: OMG SO CUUUUTEEE !!!
former more posted in r/Indianteenagers reddit
You are lucky enoug when your neighborhood bhabhi stare at you like this
you don't need luxury,what's important is love
me scrolling through my phone's gallery
cute female amputee
Asia Cup 2018:Confident Hasan Ali claims to take all '10 wickets' against India Muh se moongfali toot nahi rahi hai Gaand se akhrott todega kya?
IPL scripts this year
FASHION SHOW HELD IN WHEAT FIELD WITH SOCIAL DISTANCING NEAR PARIS
One day I do it Me also do
fuck goat right in the asshole
Girls with the time machine :I am your granddaughter Really?  Boys with the Time Machine : Footpath se uth jao saare!! Bhai Kisi bhi waqt SUV leke aata hi hoga
THIS GIRL IS 21 NOW TIME FLIES
shawn mended holding two drinks in one hand so he could hold camila's hand on the other. i cri. i hold as many shopping bags as i can so that my mom can walk bare hands.
Kamzor Bohot Kamzor Fir Aate Hai School Assembke Mein Behosh Hone wale
Areee Mask lagakar bahar jaaye karo yaar…  Aapke chacha vidhyaka honge par yamraj nahi
when you get horny in UP. so you gotta search for porn and finish off yourself before police reaches your home the fastest hand in the west
Brad:The man who likes to look like his girlfriend
up his sleevies where did hitler where? keep his armies?
Women goes viral for huge middle finger.
When you're broke but still order food from online. Gaand fate toh fate par Nawabi na ghate
koby Found these Infinity Stones in my Sister's drawer Joey ThAnus used these
mention your love I love you i want you one day i will marry you
3 TYPES OF GIRL WHEN THEY ARE HURT 1ST* WHO START CRYING 2ND WHO SIMPLY IGNORE 3RD* AB TU DEKH TUNE PANGA KISSE LIYA HAI
jew haters demonrat sewage an evil cancer that wants to destroy america
our dad is potato farmer
Game of Thrones: 17.4 million Big Bang Theory: 18 million Ramayana re-run: 77 million Unbelievable Record For Shree Ram
varundutta @savagevarun Teacher- iska answer kon batayega Topper - blah blah blah!! Teacher-piche wali seat pe, tum batao backbencher - My answer is also the same Nothing different. No difference.
Neha Kakkar Ki Acting Karo
when i can play my debut match for free on BALLEBAAZI app me: #CricketMachao ABHI MAZA AYEGA NA BHIDU
1GB data khatam hone ke baad jio ka net aise chalta hai jaise shaadi mein dulhan lehenga pehen ke chal rahi ho
A girl with the nose ring is prettiest of all
OMG KO OMFG LIKHNE SE AAPKA U.S. KA VISA NAHI LAGNE WALA BC FB/RealBcBilli  
RAKTIM raktim Guddu's IQ in season one vs season two #Mirzpur #Mirzapur2
Can you hear this image? @hawashami
All this but still couldn't press the brake pedal that night Filmfare @filmfare What #SalmanKhan's workout session look like..
Random kid in class:- 5 mins later :
algebra and geometry are fine, but graphing is where you draw a line
whenever you feel stupid, remember this
behold,the one commandment!no matter how many time porn is banned xvideos will make that number of sites
krunal pandya gobal from galmaal 3
Every wife's dream
Sidhu_Memer @sidhu_de_memers Me after getting 90% in 10th* 12th ke boards me bhi fad denge, Engineers krke, Job mil jayegi Life seth h Boss!
playing holi at 10 am sab kuch shanti purvak tareeke se hoga at 2 pm
SOME PEOPLE DON'T BELIEVE IN HEROS BUT THEY HAVE NOT MET MY DAD. DESCRIBE YOUR DAD IN ONE WORD ONE WISE LIFE
dear karishma maar he dalogi kya
naughtiest trolls pyar ka farz kuch is tarah nibhai wo khud to ch*di hi,saheli ko bhi ch*dwayi wo
the direction to go to the beach? Thanks!
Aaj sex ho jaye.. Nehi baba hum Papa ke ghar mean hai… To kya mera baap ka ghar rendikhana hai Jo Roz taiyar ho jati hai BKL
Let's sit here and talk about life.
if she can type "lol"without laughing then she can type "I love you"without loving you.Stay woke
This Grandmother is so Happy to see her Son Grandson Having Grandparents are pure Blessings
Dudh m Horlicks mailao dudh ki shakti badhao
What if we use 100% of the brain? Govt Sources on the extension of lockdown to May 3rd rather than April 30(as recommended by states):1st May is a public holiday,2nd May is a Saturday and 3rd May is a Sunday
indian david warner
i'm not saying you are a slut but you are easier than poland
BREAKING NEWS …..लव लाइफ पर बोले तैमूर बोले मैथ्स टीचर की तरह हो गयी मेरी आइटम, देगी तोह नहीं ऊपर से काट के और चली जाएगी
i'm happiest in the sun. we after walking 150 mtrs at 12:00 pm
close your eyes  bro ok bro what do you see bro? nothing bro that's my life without you bro brooo SCOOPWHOOP.com
mom:sofa letne ke liye nahi hota baithne ke liye hota hai. Me:haan toh chappal bhi maarne ke liye nahi pehen ne ke liye hoti hai..!! Directed by ROBERT B. WEIDE
i know you like her son, but you can't just pull a girls hair... until she's 30 or so. they actually come around on this one
man survives a kodak bear attack with just a 22 pistol the friend he shot in the knee was not as lucky
this shit is why i bake people
Gf : Aj Humne Sex Kiya Kissi Ko Btana Mat ! Bf :
Sometimes people stay only in your heart,but not in your life
Tiktokers vs youtubers le memers*abhi hum zinda hain
Superman: flies  Wonder woman: Flies  Flash: already there Batman:
censor board ki wajah se hum kabhi kohli ki BIOPIC nahi dekh paayenge BC
Never underestimate the innocent looking wife she can be a best seductress you will come across Desi adult trolls
No Overacting , No Drama Just Pure Talent
Vijay Mallya Enjoying with babes State Bank Of India Nyc pic.Lucking handsum deer Vijay Mallya Nahi dunga
dear bestfriend please gift me this!
close friends for life
*Any disease entes in my body* the chawanparas I ate 2 years ago: *Madarchod ka baccha andar kaise aaya ruk
i see a cat let's get it for lunch
school teachers * explaining everything in a difficult way* * random indian teacher on youtube*
When someone younger than me tries to touch my feet for paying respect I'm gonna stop you there
SautelaPati @Shuvam41616226 Me putting on earphone before playing video sent by my friends Bilkul ricks nhi lene ka .
when you don't have to see your ex future mother-in-law anymore
i want to be with you till the last breath of life
When you can't find any good snacks so you just stand in the middle of the kitchen feeling sad
have you ever noticed the only time republicans smile is when they are taking away things from the american people?
SWIGGY..Get 50% back (Upto rs 40)…SWIGGY Zingoy…Get 50% back (upto rs40)..+ get rs 20 cashback ..+Extra rs 25 cashback.
4 years of engineering 1st year 2nd year 3rd year final year
what men want
Finally bought Airpods,excited to use it
police are beating girls also during lockdown. Boys-ab maaza aa rha bhidu.
Bc ye to ganja karde toh bhi chalega DESI ADULT TROLLS DESI ADULT TROLLS
my studying the night before exam syllabus
Retrica B612 aur Candy cam hum gareebon ke DSLR Hote hain BC!
Zyaada bolta hai,du ek Leopard?
watching a movie that yuh woman already watched,be like
Haan bol bille kya chaiye?Sabun hai badiya sa mehnga wala?Haan hai kitni chaiye?usse hath dhoke 1 kg aata de de BC.
itni raat ko padosan oh my god, oh my god chilla rhi hai prayer kr rhi hogi bechaari
Ek Aunty thi deewani si.. Rasode me kon tha.. Bas Yahi puchta karti thi..
anilskapoor if they hadn't seen my date of birth on my Aadhar card, they probably would have asked me to come back after 1st of May 21h 3,573 likes Reply
me mosquitoes at night
kuch mehenga nahi mila toh saste ko he mehenga banane kharid liya
ONE DAY YOU AND ME
Abhishek Bachchan and Tushar kapoor while not getting any films but being targeted for Nepotism Humko maro, humko zinda mat chhodo saalo
I want to be alone... with someone else who wants to be alone.
jab khoon pasina ek sath kagaz par chapta hai na,table bed ban jati hai aur office ghar,bhookh pyas bhul jati hai,bal bache rul jaate hain.. Tab jaake saali company banti hai..
when i see someone doing baby shona...
a pic with absolutely no explanation
Prajwal Parkhande @praju_01 Me: Baby ek kiss do na She: Baby kiss karne se baccha hota hai. Me: Sunn ne walo, suno aisa bhi hota hai.
maths teachter : suppose you have 5 friends me:
m crying with my husband cause my facebook got blocked...my love is sad when i am sad Awwwwwwwww... Ab Kya Kare Yarr
been talking shit about trump since day one. now crying like bitches after getting called out
have you seen my bag
rhea played journalist in a film and in that,she said arnab goawami is he idol in real life,arnab goswami ne iska beda gark kar diya hai! I AM SORRY BABU
जब नाश मनुष्य पे छाता है तो पहले विवेक मर जाता है ..नाश*..विवेक*… मनुष्य *…..
i only wear silk panties cotton ones remind me of slavery
let me salute to hitler the great he said "i would have killed all the jews of the world, but i kept some to show the world why i killed them"
12 year old me trying to force two magnets to touch with  the same poles
Million dollar smile
one day to my man because he deserves that shit
Best before MONDAY Customer* shopkeeper*
it didn't happen because of the actions of one man it happened because of people who were 'just doing their jobs'
Jokemelon @jokemelon1 Frd: Tere to maze h Ghar pe - at Home My Parents to Me Fata fat yeh kaam kahatm karoge.. Toh dusra kaam milega
1st time 4th time
when she cooks, cleans & sucks a mean dick but you gotta work
lockdown shutdown sad chalega modhi ji baas mera IPL suspend nhi hona chahiye mere paas aur kuch nhi hai
the world calls it: love god calls it: abomination
Kishan Jhunjhunwala @Jhunjhunastic When you are in home and someone asks you "Kaha hai?" Hum iss waqt bharat k sabse syrakshit jagah me hai.
The pics I take of my friend The pics they take of mine
*When you have fight with your sis & after few minutes she cooks some-thing tasty on but not for you*
Aditya saxena @AdityaS40896243 Quarantine day 11* Me every morning these days Mom Dad Malik Malkin ye aapki chai
modiji jo america ko dia wo hame bhi do na kya?wo hydrogen are hydroxychloroquine hai wo gand me hydrogen bharo re iske
life might suck at the moment but atleast you're not this bird
Wi-Fi Bluetooth Jio 4G Airplane Mode Portait Flashlight Location Cast screen NAILED IT
i know you are wearing extensions
When you are solving mq's and took B four times in a row and next answer still look like B.
Can't install app Itni aukaat hai teri?Subscription ka paise de payega?Paise.ho.to.hi.download.karo.com OK
CAN'T BELIVE WERE THIS CLOSE IN FEBRURY TO GET RID OF THIS PENDAMIC …Daily New Cases..Feb 15,2020,mar 15 2020, apr 13,2020, may 12,2020, jun 10,2020, jun 9,2020, Aug 7, 2020, Sep 5, 2020, Oct 4, 2020, Nov 2,2020, Dec 1,2020, Dec 30,2020, jan 28,2021, Feb, 26,2021, Mar 27, 2021, Apr 25,2021
DID YOU KNOW? Newton discovered gravity when an apple fall from a tree to ground Shivam Raj Aur wo jo bachpan me tatti karta tha wo kya upar thanos ke paas supply hota tha
MPL BYJU'S
she is my crush bhabhi hai teri
ON AN AVERAGE, 2 JOURNALIST A DAY HAVE DIED IN THE MONTH OF APRIL DUE TO VID 165 JOURNALIST SO FAR THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO ARE SACRIFICING THEIR LIVES TO KEEP US UPDATED. REST IN PEACE
nothing can beat the taste of roadside tea
Ambani Trump Modi is on conference call calm down calm down
i might not be good at sucking cock but i can put beavers outta work
I'm the devil & you're my angel
how many meme refrence are there in this image??
my first high school football game was a lot like my first time having sex... i was bloody and sore at the end but at least my dad came
There are some boys who love a girl without even telling her.
i heard you need a new partner
Would you slap your best friend for this me*saale ko bam se uda dunga
Me:I miss you,I want to see you my friend:I also want to see you When we see each other:
"liberal whites are the greatest enemy of african americans." -james meredith james merideth is a republican, an author, and most notably the first black student admitted to the university of missippi
Australia in early 2019.Australia in early 2020.
"an attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality".-Brian tracy
This bondage is the bondage of love,its the intercourse of many births.Kabhi english subtitles k saath hindi movies mat dekhna BC
You have $400,your ex really needs $100,your girl also needs $200.How much do you have?$400and unread messages I like this guy.
mom ko sanskari chahiye aur bete Ko modern
Parveen Kaswan @parveenkaswan , IFS The reason I prefer seminars over webinars .
ritesh bahuguria @riteshismm Papa: tum mujhe apna papa nhi dost samho M: yar teri bandi ko itni problem kya mere phone use karne sai Papa: Bsdk itna friendly hone nahi bola tha
experts:you should have an aggressive  approach to face spin bowling in tests.Rishabh pant:jaan de denge iske liye aggressive ki kya baat kar rahe ho aap
legend who made us laugh without saying anything Xavier AGREE?
me:farts when sitting in group Also me:Kon tha?KON THA?
Doordarshan on other days Doordarshan today SCOOPWHOOP.com
when she's mad at you but you want her attention
WINTER starter pack
Pentagon releases UFO videos for the record Hamko maaro, hamko zinda mat chhodo saalo
Weird oklahoma laws weird oklahoma laws one may not promote a "horse tripping event"people who make ugly faces at dogs may be fined and/or jailed.It is illegal for the owner of a bar to allow anyone inside to pretend to have sex with a buffalo Females are forbidden from doing their own hair without being licensed by the state What the hell happened here?
When you tru to ban Tik Tok but Tik Tok bans you...
no caption needed
ashutosh singh ashusarcastic #narendramodi teacher:beard look is not allowed in school,tomorrow you all should shave your beard *next day* first benchers back benchers
muslims in 2001 defund homeland security! muslim in congress 2019
Tu ghar pe nasha krke aaya hai? papa vo bhole ji ka prashad hait tu christian hai chutiye
actually no, my post wasn't about you but if the shoe fits, feel free to lace that bitch up & wear it
IG:@bcbilli English hum sharminda hai..Tere quatil zinda hai...
day 121 and still no tomatoes.WTF
Wife exchange mela कोई भी पुरानी बीवी के बदले में पाए नयी बीवी …..*Husband…..*Wife
whatsapp humko ghanta farak nahi padta teri privacy ka tap to learn more
When you've been dating a few months now and you can finally reveal youself as the psychopath you really are
Guys, never demand CBI inquiry as a bluff Worst mistake of my life
not together but connected
"We all have memories on some stairs."Others:
There Is Only One Feeling In This Picture Proud
Friend- Abey aise kahe chal raha hai? Me- Aap kabi lock down me bahar nikle ho? Friend - Nahi Me- Toh fir tum mera dard nai samaj sakte 
sushant had no Godfather hence he was never acknowledged by the film industry -Kangana Ranaut Indians* Humare mann mein tumhare liye izzat aur badh gyi
i said i wanted to see his kids so he came in my eye
Electric Car Charging Point , Running On Diesel Generators!  JUST INDIAN THINGS
Revive Indian Journalism SCOOPWHOOP.com
Mitron wo Rakhi ke liye bolegi...!Tum friendship band pe tikke rehna...!
when you are an IIT graduate and a school dropout  gives you tips In a setup where the school dropout is the CEO while the IIT graduate is the regional manager
wife beating husband for not buying groceries!police beating husband for coming out:le* husband hum koi mandir ka ghanta hai ki koi bhi aake baja jaata hai
after being rude with someone ... me :
If "Hath Hatao Gud-gudi hori hai" had a face.
Police: aap kaha jaa rahe Hain? Boy : ye area hotspot Hai na? Police: haan to Ghar jaaiye Boy: Bas ek movie download krlu? Le police*
Madhuri Dixit Madhuri shikshit Madhuri fixit Madhuri switch hit
Rahul @MemewalaCA When you share a damn good meme but no one reacts Sab harami hai bc !
Birds: *exists* Mocking birds: Just mocking birds
bruce jenner's cat
this side pic can drain ltrs of cum
he- bhaiya ek voh dena... le chemists-
i want you to make my legs shake
Girls will be girls
hello, i'm mark zuckerberg and i'm a no good cock sucker
midnight video call with girl bestie
Help this poor lady donate some clothes to her
Desi Trolls GIRL FRIEND BEARDED BEARDLESS
a real man gives his lady the attention she deserves,gives her all of his love ,calls her beautiful,and treats her like a QUEEN
HUGGING IS A SILENT WAY OF SAYING YOU MATTER TO ME @LCDPGLAMOUR
Memories bring back memories
#CSKvKKR Humble Sir jadeja reminding us of CSK's position in the points table after today's win
Me:"if i get drunk, please take care of me" My friends: 
well, it was tough getting this community up to standards but were alwhite now shadowy place over there? but what's that dont talk black to me you little n ewborn african
who dekh teri bhabhi ah rahi hai "Dilo ka shooter hai mera scooter." bhaag BC!!!
before marriage after marriage 
not at all fast only furious: mumbai
I made a lover 10 years younger than me Haan maloom hai chal.Apne baap ko mat sikha
and to think, i almost swallowed you
when you are getting scholarship & N.A.S.A visit by joining vendantu
Chennai super kings Aaramikalangala?Myntra replying to ChennaiIPL Late aa vanthaalum .Latest aa varuvom...@chennailpl
when coinDCX comes with an offer you can't deny:mere pass ek scheme hai
if someone offers you an amazing opportunity and you're not sure you can do it, sy yes, then learn how to do it later;How Airplanes Fly
Bura na maano holi he
what! no i am not asian
Nepotism exists.... le real talent:- Abhi ke abhi jake pehli ticket kta rha hu..
*My life *That one happy moment *My life again
the pope flies to greece to tell christians to love muslims i'm just curious, why doesn't he fly to iraq
roll no.1 coming out and telling how his viva went:mujhe mara gaya hai, i've been beaten
my books whole year -the night before exam
This kid is going places Jackie you can't just white out a question you don't want to answer.
Mohabbat thi isileaye jane diya Road roller hoti toh abi theek kar deta
में नरेंद्र दामोदर दास मोदी, मिम बनाने वाले अपने भाई और बहनो को धन्यवाद् देना चाहता हूँ | यह सफर आपके बिना अधूरा था, आपकी म्हणत रंग लायी | में आप सभी की सेहत की कामना करता हु, ऐसे ही मिम बनाते रहे| #vijay Bharat
hand sanitizers yesterday hand sanitizers today
NOBODY : MOM MAKING A 2 YEARS OLD KID EAT FOOD grandma Uncle Mummy Aunty Grandpa
honey, tell me what's wrong  Every ''C" in pacific ocean is pronounced differently.
Worked at agar tu meri pasand hai toh zaruri nahl meh tuje hASil karu lekin agar tu meri zidd bane to Kisika baAP ki AUKAT nahi tujhe hasil kar sake!!!WOH BHOSDIKE,WAAH!
DD national rest of the year DD national on independence and republic day
First date and now
Tum jo bol rhe ho voh thik hai par aayenge toh Modiji hi!
teacher-first tie the paper then write me bhosdike zyada gyaan mat chod gaandu
My boyfriend got me this ring on our 6 month anniversary and said its because I am the heart beat of his life!He's so cute
In one area of mUmbai, this mother was selling flowers Because there is a weekly lockdown, the police asked them not to do so. Mataji told that if she could not sell these flowers, she would die of hunger. They have nothing to eat. These policeman gave rs 500 to Mataji and assured that they would continue to give them Rs 500 daily till the time of lockdown. Very commendable work done by Mumbai Police.
When you fart at a partry and synchronize it perfectly with the song
cuddle party
Govinda outside Dhawan's house after watching #CoolieNo1Trailer
Me Activating That Demon So That Your Next Semester Could Go Online Too
arey doodh se abhishek karo inka 2 over mein 38 runs diye hai inhone
remeber behind very great black man is the police
me trying to capture a screenshot some random notification Dhatt teri maaki
boys relax usne 'leavemealone' laga diya hai
This baby was 24 days old when he tested positive. He won this battle and came back home after 17 days with a negative report & a positive smile. If he can, you surely can
Jasprit Bumrah is allegedly marrying south Indian Actress Anupama Parameswaran So is she the one?They'll make a lovely couple if rumours are true.
teacher what is the name of stadion located in ahmedabad bal narendra: its #barendra modi stadium teachher idiot maine stadium ka naam ouncha hai, tumhara nahi bal narendra: will see in 2021
Extroverts right now Mujhe bahar jaana hai
I have never been afraid of Ghists and horro movies, but this shit used to scare me like hell
Congratulations George Brownridge for placing 15 women for as entire day! We wewre all exhausted and very satisfied and we look forward to next  year We all thanks you! OUR SINCERE APOLOGY to George Brwnridge & Staff Our intesions were to thank him for a generious holiday shopping trip which he arranged This annual tradition is much appreciated. Any inappropriate innuendoes were unintentional and we 
ilhan omar has vowed that on her first day in congress she will conduct a muesli ritual "to cleanse the chamber of the right wing evils" share to say she's the evil one
Just when i thought i had figured out life,i saw this.
crush* kaisi lag rahi hu mai? *me gala khali lag rha hai " mangalsutra" phena du kya?
people complaining about their relationships me who's never been in a relationship
remembering 2020
कोरोना Ko sath Milkar Harana hai 
when you have such a wife the problems for pillow should never arise
this is not a pic,this is feeling
when you have only one brother and his girlfriend broke his heart
No it doesn't affect my baby 9 MONTHS later
never let someone who has done nothing tell you how to do anything
the cutest shopkeeper
*After Breakup**He*Tune to mera dil hi tood di *She*or tune jo meri s*al todi uska kya
Your underwear watching you buy expensive ferrero rocher for your gf
Desi kuddi in desi attire best combination ever
school students 10 days before the exam engineers 10 hours before the exam SCOOPWHOOP.com
मिया खलीफा भी गाँधीवादी है एक थप्पड़ लगाने के बाद "s;lap me harder baby" बोलती है.. -Mahatma Gandi
waiter:sir kon si sabji order main likhu,shahi paneer ,paneer butter masala,paneer lababdar,paneer kadai me:ek cheez bolke chaar gina raha hai
and just like that scrolling through his feeds a boy went to the bathroom
The right person will never leave you
Ashutosh Singh @ashusarcastic  #NarendraModi Teacher: beard look is not allowed in school, tomorrow you all should shave your beard *NextDay* First Benchers Last Benchers
When you wore world best Necklace but noone is looking at it
success you know But the struggle you don't know
breath deeply in and slowly exhale..DO IT 3 TIMES!!ME:okay!! IG:@bcbilli What do you feel now,,?me:your body spray is simply awesome babe!!
mummy aap jaadugar ho?? Nhi Beta Fir jb aap papa ke nunu ko hath lgaati ho vo bda kaise ho jata hai
In Search Of Gold We Lost The Diamond
When everyone is trolling pakistani players for not participating in IPL,Sri Lankan players ne like
मेरा प्रिय मित्र अपनी महिला मित्र के सामने अपनी प्रसंसा के पूल बांधते हुए....में बगल में खड़ा- .....फेंको  ! फेंको अपनी पूरी शक्ति  के साथ, फेंको .
Admit it Nothing can tempt a men like a beautiful women in saree DESI ADULTS TROLLS
Nacho BC youtube has deleted all the videos of "DINCHAK POOJA"
in next dance video iske saath karungi had a face
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you?
10th class students on their way to use social media 24*7 cancellation
he can be his new boy firend
ludo king to PUBG during this lockdown. Pichhli baar kya bola tha?aukaat?
when dudes try to be funny at the club i'm sorry, is this some sort of peasant joke that i'm too rich to understand?
Mast hai!Apun ko bhi karne ka hai
Crush : Shubham Tum Itne Handsome Ho Tumhe Toh Koi Bhi Ladki Mil Jayegi Shubham Who Already Rejected By 17 Girls :
हमारे आतंरिक मामलो में दखल क्यों ..किशानो पर राजनीती क्यो ?...कांग्रेस के किशन नेता रिहाना …. BREAKING NEWS...प्रदर्शन लोकतंत्र का हिस्सा-MEA
when she goes through ur phone to see if you' re cheating but only find memes
people going to work today THIS IS FINE SCOOPWHOOP.com
BC SBI wale apne lunch ko lekar itne serious hote hai ki US TIME Vijay Malya bhi 7000CR,dene aa jaye to use bhi wapas bhej denge BC
Tiny Rabbit Is Obsessed With Gaint Girlfriend Who's 4 Times His Size " I think he knows she will protect him"
REEL REAL
with you without you life goes on with you or without you!
People at 25 Me at 25
chennai saala saanp ko paal raha tha
BABA DA DHABA stonks
WOULD YOU MARRY A GIRL WITH TATTOOS LIKE THIS?
want to kiss that mole on her navel
when you drop a glass: omg are you ok? Haan haan, tod do pura ghar
rocky bhai ka fans next level hai
south african cricket team in 2016 south african cricket team in 2019 SCOOPWHOOP.com
STOP CHECKING THEIR ACCOUNT,YOU'RE TRIGGERING YOURSELF.
Kanika Kapoor tests COVID-19 positive for 5th time Meanwhile Corona Virus* mujhe ishq ho gaya hai is Har*mzadi se
Ee scarlettwa bi bawal ba bawal DESI ADULT TROLLS
uncle pehle apke bete ne pakka rang daala tha.
they freeze at -50 C they burn at 50C they save pregnant woman durin floods they come to rescue they're ready in earthquakes When they return home in tricolor,family member joins army Indian Army-The Real Hero
people who have charger pioint near their bed are lucky Me*
Tarun Kumar I;m your big fan Love from India........... It means lots of love ILLUSION 100 SPEECH 100
when u get to know he has good level of sarcasm+he can give good orgasm
*After 10 minutes Of Chatting* Boy: Tum Whstapp Use Karti Ho? Girl: BAHUT TEZZ HO RHE HO
older child younger child parents SCOOPWHOOP.com
You still look beautiful
COME ON!! MUMBAI SHOW SOME ENERGY! NO ENERGY!! MITRON MANDIR WAHI BANAIENGE!! MODI 1! MODI !! MODI !!
Boys what's stops u to do a hairstyle like this BENIWAL ASTIC BeniwalAstic replying to @varaaalikaaaa_Hme shyam ko ghar aana hota h wapis!
Last film Just a coincidence?
How are you currently holding your phone?
guess bollywood celeb
porn hub Two men fuck entire nation
when you realise corona can't cancel exams lauda ka global pandemic hai
mujhe dekh ke tumhe kya yaad aata hai...Bhoot pisaach nikat nahi aave mahavier jab naam sunave...
when bae gets out the shower looking like a snack
Most well behaved students From Section D
it's about who you are,inside
Dusky beauty are my favourite
can we all agree that this is the best position for sleeping?
shit someone added too much soap to the dishwasher again
today's kids will never understand the risk we took to watch these things at home
When you see "कमल का बटन दबा कर भाजपा को विजयी बनाये " banner in ypur own rally! ...#ayegatohmodihi
When you support BHARAT BANDH and someone says ,"Calm down,You're UNEMPLOYED".You:
mom-"chup chaap 10:30 tak gharpe aa warna kabhi wapis mat aana."*le me leaving the party telling people i remembered that i have a test tomorrow
When you ay "pagal" to your boyfriend and he replies "Tumhari wajah se" instead of "Tumhare liye"
Kabhi Khusi Kabhi Gam 
who needs help getting into the u.s i can help
Me looking at the guy who staring at my crush while singing national anthem in school prayer:
people complaning about their relationships me who's never been in a relationship SCOOPWHOOP.com
ek holi aisi bhi
What Indian kids are capable of doing What Indian dads make them do
when you get angry with each other
You cry over boys I cry over study We are not same sis
bhai appka noleg toh kamaal ka hai bhai
ANI Yahan parle-g khana pad raha hai kali chai mein dubo kar
office meating are useless SCOOPWHOOP.com
When you see her best friend to protect  her
rich guy girls replies handsome guy romantic and poor guy
A group of 3 friend is always the best. 
you care more about your truck than you care about me well, my truck blows gaskets, not other dudes so.
NETFLIX BIOPIC FOOTPATH the untold story
Angoor stark @ladywit... when you excitingly shout the wrong answer in the classroom Zaleel-O-Shan-Shahenshah
She:mere paas kuch pehne ke liye nahi hai Also she:
when you see your goat with another man
You find a new YouTuber He's funny All of his videos are funny His last video was 4 years ago
true love is an emotion
JUST INDIAN THINGS 
chinty memer making meme on ambani Rohit sharma who won the game with his captaincy
jab fake feminist ko pata chale ki "air conditioner"hai aur "air-conditionaari "nahi
Pati Patni aur woh
2 out of 2 wins for RCB IPL viewers:tu RCB hi hai na
Shame on Pakistan for making these beautiful girls cry
THOSE WHO NEEDBED/PLASMA/OXYGEN/ICU PLEASE MENTION IN THE COMMENT WITH YOUR LOCATION THOSE WHO CAN HELP THEM, KINDLY REPLY TO THEM.(PLEASE DON'T PUT ANY INAPPROPIATE COMMENT)
*us*once this is over
Ye virat ka k
Vijay Jaiswal @puntasticVU Indians pressing cancel button three to four times on the ATM machine even after taking out their cars: bilkul ricks ni lene ka
i love pudding pudding my dick nhere it don't belong
because he doesn't have an iron,man
girls: it's been 3 weeks he must've moved on and forgotten me boys after 70 years:
respect your parents they passed school without Google
a beautiful family
govt:*passes students without exams* atmahatya kiya hua vidyarthi:
Don't do that,dont give me hope Just been waiting
BuddyBits BuddyBits what has been seen cannot be unseen.
Only Father who never said बिजली ka bill tera baap bharega AC band kar
Papa ki pari to suna tha but ye to papa ki jet nikli
when barbeque nation gets to know that one of its costumers is celebrating their birthday waiters and manager:
When you look at someone's phone and their wallpaper is a picture of themselves
Girls with the time machine:i am your granddaughter really? Boys with the time machine:footpath se uth jao saare!!bhai kisi bhi waqt SUV leke aata hi hoga
"PAK FANS WATCHING TODAY'S INDIA VS PAKISTAN CHAMPIONS TROPHY FINAL IN TV BE LIKE
For the first time ever we can create a little hearts ad for our heartbroken friends with a personalized messageTHIS VALENTINE'S DAY for the first time ever CREATE a little hearts ad for your heartbroken friends WITH  FROM you to your buddies TO CHEER THEM UP swipe left to watch the little hearts film and participate to get your personalized ad that you want to send to your heartbroken friend
Girls Never Bored of….Sleeping….Tea-Coffe…Sighting….Photoshoot…
TAKI!!TAKI!!SAKI!!SSAKI!!RAKH ...TERE MAA KI!!
ARTIC:100 years ago vs now
Name naahi hai kuchhu humara Baaki jaane kaahe sab Chhapri Chhapri bulawat hai
we can see a teacher in her natural habitat constantly waiting to strike at her prey student
when you realize that hmans have been learning sex positions from you instead of loyalty
Pakistan: Patient recovers from coronavirus , throws party to 100people,tested positive again. Gaand fate toh fate par nawabi na ghate
Han bahi bharosa rakh kal USB wapis kar don ga
10 Rupay ki pepsi modi sir sexi Gomesh Netam now strict lock down in durg district needed sirji Rahul Singh Are modi ji mujhe new phone lena h pubg khelne ke liye ek din ke liye mobile ki dukan khulwa do
nibbi in school nibbi in tuition
KUCH LAUNDE DSLR LENE KE BAAD GALE ME AISE LATKAYE GHUMTE HAI JAISE L*ND TATTE LATKAYE GHUMTA HAI BC FB/RealBcBilli
When you're feeling bored in class
Friend:Bahar mat nikalna,Police boht gaa*d maar rahi hai Karan Johar:
OFFicialchutya TITVALA
faiz kan jr. link
Shawn Mendes holding two drinks in one hand so he could hold Camila's hand on the other.I cri.I hold as many shopping bags as i can so that my mom can walk bare hands.
Biggest dream!
Virat+Anushka=Virushka  Priyanka+Nick=Picnik Ranveer+Deepika=Deepveer Me+Me=Meme
failing the exam  taking 5 min study break
tonny kakkar after singing shankar mahadevan's breathless song for 40 seconds
parents- bahu sanskari chahiye beta- wife hot chahiye le bahu-
kumar is with i dont no y gals r crezy about me bt i can use pensil in only one sharpener ata time
someone needs to invent car fax for vaginas "i have only been with one guy." "yeah sure, show me the whorefax."
when people ask me who my favorite golden girl is
the real sardars are shocked to see the overacting skills of these cartoons
FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL Now achieve your fitness goal by just following FITTYWITTYOFFICIAL COOLEST FITNESS PAGE
life has its ups and i have downs
40 years Old Shahid Afridi and 38 Years Old Ms.Dhoni.Because there is no stess is scoring 0 for your country
स्कूल से बहाना बना गोवा जा रहे थे छठी क्लास के बच्चे…*Me to my friends…*kab khoon khaulega re tera 
whatsapp: we have updated our privacy policy.
A Real Desert Oasis
bert looks down in horror, as he hears cookie monster and ernie start to masturbate to the autism documentary they are watching
Teacher: yehnotebook kiski hai?  Me: Paper ki! Whole class:
7 samunder paar mai tere piche piche aa gyi!! Bhaago Bc...
facebook don't study me you want graduate
Ye jo muje dikh rha kya tume bdikh rha hai?
idhar aa "wanderlust"ke pille tujhe "clubbing scenes"dikhaata hoon
where are you?pata nahi,par yaha har dusra ladka yuva neta hai welcome to uttar pradesh bhaiya
Not All Heroes Wear Capes Salute to Mayur Shelke
if i had a dollar for every racist thing i've said... some black motherfucker would probably rob me
KISI KO PATA NAHI CHALEGA
when you finally meet a girl that can make you bust from head please may i have some more
my two moods
dev razz pokhrel
sit down kids, i will now tell you how i met your mother
NEWS Boyfriend who dated 35 women and told each one he had a different birthday so he regularly received gifts' arrested for fraud in Japan
Ye wala look
Beta soja vrna gabbar aa jayega 100rs do vrna papa ko btaunga.. Mere sone ke baad gabbar aata hai
Agent Vinod *Agent Binod*
that look you give when you got your fix but not your kids
Long Distance Relationship be Like
stupid people should carry a sign to let others know they're stupid me: some do
Asli Mard,Asli Dard
diary of a wimpy kid hard luck anne frank is one wimpy kid
ONE WISE LIFE MONEY IS LIKE DETTOL BECAUSE IT KILLS 99.9% PROBLEMS.
Sumit Abay Sumit Sunna Haan bol I love you Bhag bsdki April fool banaya… He* *she
Paris.I like France but wherever I travel America,Europe,Middle East people just assume I am French, they even speak to me in french when I say I am Indian they assume I am French based in India Thodi si duniya kya dekh li Dimag kharab ho gaya hai tera
Me waiting for Astrologer who said 2020 will be my year
*Memers *Binod *Bump
Saree is better than any other attire for sed*cing...Do you Agree....?
kya kar rahi ho?TMKC BC mujhe gaali de rahi h..Teri maa ki ch*t Arey 'U'lagana bhul gayi thi..'TARAK MEHTA KA ULTAH CHASHMA'dekh bahi hu
my life my attitude you don't
ek kaam bolo toh maut aa jati hai..aur social media par lambe-lambe status laga raha hai,maa mein apke kuch bhi kar sakta hun..
hey mom the goats asshole is inside out. what do?
government hospital government school government bus government job
MAIN TERA BOYFRIEND.. TU MERI GIRLFRIEND...O MAINU KENDI...FB/RealBcBilli 'BHAAG BHOSDIKE'
It's a boy
tiktok use krta hai kya? Papa,chutiya hu chakka nahi!aaj nahi maarunga!
INTERNATIONAL  Covid-19: US rejects India's vaccine plea, cites domestic priorities Apr 24,2021, 08:27 AM IST | Source: TOI.in main tereko DEVMANUSH samajhta tha tu toh HARAMI nikla re
if you see me in public looking a hot mess, just know; my bills are paid, my children have food, & i ain't trying to impress you
i once dumped a cross eyed chick thought she was seeing someone else
a woman once wear 70 items of clothing in a chinese airport to avoid paying the airline's extra baggage charge.
PERFECT PARKING IN JAPAN
me if crash on a deserted island this year don't send help
who da f*cl said money can't buy happiness
...and down here, we'll add a happy little van, down by the river
i'm deporting all mexicans!!! except the ones in baldwin park you fuckers are crazy!!!
han bhai tu akela nahi hai Jisko is Add k ane pr lgta h ki match start ho gya…
me:sala kutte jaisi zindagi ho gayi hai *Kutta who is living his life happily*apne saath mat jodiye hum alag hain
Nobody : Harshal Patel right now: Andhera hogya hai jevan main bilkul
traditional yet seductive that's what a saree does
shit... the dishwasher is broken again
Happiest person after Bangladesh reached Asia Cup final.
mom:jaa ye samaan dukaan pe waapas karke aa!!me:respect
bandi ne kaha'nobody is at  home'  uske ghar jaake dekha toh sach me tala laga 
baboons on their way home
Police are beating girls also during lockdown.Boys-Ab maaza aa rha bhidu.
black is a symbol of class
when you wake up early on Sunday.Parents :Itni badi achievement hai inki,koi guinness book ko phone karo
Rb,Dita,gucci and 30+ brands 9A Sunglasses with brand box
i married my brother to commit immigration fraud this makes her an illegal alien, ineligible for congress and deportable! ice, where are you? "
Lvis Fonsi in despacito looks so hot
yes i ordered my justice department not to prosecute hillary clinton donald trump and to frame so what are you going to do about it
My sister really is the worst human ever   I couldn't afford a present this year.so i got you this box
Mast hai!Apun ko bhi karne ka hai
India* Pakistan*Finals*
when you're enjoying the party and sasur ji walks into the room
weight is just a number if you truly love someone
ME AFTER REACHING MY CLASS THAT'S ON 2ND FLOOR IG -GHANTAA
में और मेरा मित्र ठंड के मौसम में बारात का मजा लेते हुए
me: wanna watch porn or golf? her: porn. you already know how to golf
Someone:apki movies illogical,with no story line and full of vulgarity hoti h!Bhojpuri director:Humko Ghanta Farq Nahi Padta
"I have known Ishant for many years now,"Kohli said."He started playing state cricket with me from his first season onwards.We have been room-mates for many years in state cricket,in Ranji Trophy cricket.When he got selected for India,he was fast asleep in the afternoon, and I have to kick him off the bed and say you have been selected.And he wouldn't believe me.That's how far we go back."
I act like I'm so strong till I'm alone at night.
*sad insaan* coke stodio: O Ji Namak Shamak, Namak Shamak... Daal Dete hain... SCOOPWHOOP.com
#tagHim We all have that one friend jo ladkiyon ko competition deta h
when you realize that "ginger" is just the n-word, rearranged
India:why you sold undergarments to Pakistan instead of mask China:chutiye hai Pakistan Le India:chutiya hai ye important nhi hai hmara ladke h ye important hai
He's probably thinking about other girls Ye Binod Kaun Hai..? WHO is BINOD?
Kya tum corona virus ho? Wtf Nahi kyu? Kyu ki tum ek Insaan se dusre Insaan se paas bohot jaldi Chali jati ho
you can't ignore this
Nobody: Beard guys after getting a clean shave:
give me a dog treat human
so i was sucking on her t*ts then the husband walks in and i just sk*t myself
president trump has suggested random drug tests be performed on members of congress
Girls:It's been 2 weeks,he must have moved on by now!Boys after 6 years:
When you are teasing your siblings and suddenly your mother enters the room
Aunty thoda tel milega boyfriend aaya hai?Tel to nahi hai vaseline le jao!Pakode talne hai aunty
dear boys,let's confuse girls Ishika singh ishu cycle ka set cover
girl's in your school girl's in my school memer nizzy memer nizzy @memer_nizzy
fixed it
In the real world, Abdallah Abdelgawad was far from famous. In the online one, he became the faceless star operating the tiny excavator that appeared in hundreds of memes with millions of shares as he worked around the clock to help refloat the gigantic container ship Ever Given that blocked Suez Canal for almost a week
2 of the luckiest boys of 2020
shadi ke bad tum mujhse pyar nahi krte ab exam clear hone ke bad kon padhta hai yrrr
the same laws that you support to silence people you disagree with can be used to silence you, dumbass
should we be concerned that april 3 could be the final countdown 4.3.21 hold up
dear "dad". i did it without you. love, the daughter you left behind
बीच रास्ते में बंद पड़ी बाइक, मुँह से "ब्रूम ब्रूम" की आवाज निकल घर पंहुचा युवक |
lord bobby using airpods in 2008
Where is mom?
chappri bohot chappri fir aate hai vo jo apne user name k bagal me koi blue emoji lagate hai yash
smell that? thats why we have to use condoms
titanic replica could set sail by 2022, following orginal route should survive this time considering we've melted all the icebergs
Jalne walo ki to rooh bhi jalani h
Hey, take this and take care. Apne liye naa sahi, par apno ke liye
when you borrow money from grandma and can't pay her back
nobody wants to hang auschwitz me
i wanna destroy radical islam!!!! will you help me????? yes = hell yeah!!!
What people think it's like to be tall What really it's like
US DADS MY SON IS A DIGITAL MARKETER INDIAN DADS BAS DIN BHAR LAPTOP LEKE BAITHA REHTA HAIN
National outfit of newly married Girl in honeymoon
Bhole jisne tere bhakt ka kirdar nibhaya hain, khol dena apna swarg ka dwar aaj woh tere pass aaya hai
*WORLD*hey pretty can you reply me *INDIA*FB/RealBCBilli Reply karo warna apna haath kaat lunga
Day 7 of isolation: I got in a fight with my cat DON'T FUCKING STARE AT ME.[ CAT MEOWS]
Nagar mai Dhindora Pitwa do dada Beardo pe upto  70% Off hai link Bio mai hai
today i witnessed an ultra rare moment in delhi metro at rajiv chowk
take me back to those days PlayerI 94 19 00.2 Pearl 0.00 SCOOPWHOOP.com
Age does not matter.Men will always be men
me as husband
a muslim threesome
when you are showing someone a video and they tap on the screen to see how much time is left
Today is international Brother's day Name your coolest brother.!
babu apne bache ka naam kya rakha jyga babu tum phle class 8th ka exam dedo fir dekhte h
Some sad photos of Bangladesh supporters
Specially Designed For "Kanoon"
When you got some special talent.
The difference in color between their hands and their faces
dad: we need to tell you something.. your mother and i are siblings alabama kids:
i'm not saying it was muslims but it was muslims
name:john age:83 advise for the younger generation:take hold of every opportunity given to you.
Ravi Shastri using hand sanitizer for the first time Badi jaanu pechchaani si mehek aa rahi hai
Agar izzat ki kmai krna chahte ho  Toh link in bio me aa jao
*sends a text to your crush* they start talking about their crush SCOOPWHOOP.com
your 3rd will buy you this
i don't have an attitude problem.I just varry a pesonality you can't handle aj editing zone behind my smile is everything you will nevver understand
when you pick her up for a date and she got hairbands on her wrist
Lockdown Khatam Hone Ke Baad Aap Utne Hi Safe Hai Jitna Mithun Da Cycle Ke Piche Dushman Ki Goli Se
A MATCH MADE IN HEAVEN From Here To Here
Girls with the time machine: I am your granddaughter Really? Girls with the time machine: 1910 160 PIZZAS PLEASE THAT WILL BE 3 RUPEES
Happy Birthday Queen of seduction Sunny Leone
when your girl is bulimic, but you like gagging sounds, so you call her "fatty" while you beat your meat in the shower
Mukesh Ambani after becoming 6th richest person Me after winning a Rs cashback on Google Pay
SHALINI SHANKAR AUTHOR,"DESI LAND"
today tomorrow but i purchased 1 months netflix subscription
Damn U fine shordy what's ya pronouns she/her How about you turn in My/Girl
according to a study 80% of the boys love those girls who smoke because the one who smokes will die faster then he can date another girl very intelligent
cyberpunk 2 0 7 7
after marriage,at night..he :haan bolo she:charging point wali side mai soungi..
long distance couples after 3 months of lockdown ye kahan dark hai, ye toh zindagi hai SCOOPWHOOP.com
you're a wizard motherfucker
remember this ambulance?it kills hundreds of people to save one
She looks pretty when she smiles
What did you do during the Coronavirus dad?I stayed at home and made memes to spread awareness about Coronavirus Fucking LEGEND
start of the decade end of the decade SCOOPWHOOP.com
When u and your friend enters the same house in #PUBG for loot You be like-Gandu!bahar nikal.
When she's your girl VS when y'all break up
name tge : car name the : music name the :partner
okay show this to ur mom meri maa dr.nahi hai jo lakwa theek krde
when you see a hot girl when you see aunties
from this to this "please bhai maan jaa" "mat maan maa ch*da" we all grew up
SELFIE LENE WALO KE HATH KANOON SE BHI LAMBE HOTE HAI BC! FB/RealBcBilli 
Humne unse puchna,Apke dil me jane ka rasta kidhar hai Wo tange faile ke boli aa ghus ja Bsdk
Diamond ki ring dhikhi..?
choosing engineering after 12th
Mummy kya me beautiful dikhti hun?Apne BF se puch le..BF nehi hai Toh khud hi samaj ja ab!!
Anup Jalota @anupjalota 
HE CHOSE THE RIGHT GIRL
where is the logic?"all the government offices in madhya pradesh have to replace chemically made phenyl with phenyl made of cow urine to use it as a cleaner."-madhya pradesh government
हेलमेट लगाना ही काफी नहीं ! पुरे होशोहवास में गाड़ी चलना जरुरी है, वरना कोहली की तरह आप भी जीरो पर आउट हो सकते है. #INDvsEND #Viratkohli..kuldeep Singh KD.. Rohit sharma bro….Plese come with ur original Id….
This way in my dentist's waiting room.
*Me after purchasing a book for 500*  Ammi: Book kitnay ki ai he ? Shaitan:1000 ki bolde Me: Do hazar ki shaitan:
pelosi slams trump after he gets mexico to cave, says "threats & temper tantrums are no way to negotiate foreign policy..." why is she so mad that trump got mexico to finally help us stop illegal immigration?
I am considered as an icon in my 20s.People are considered icons in their 40s or when they die
i didn't say i wanted to hang the gays, i said "i prefer gay men to be hung"
Aaj se toh IPL shuru hone wala tha..Maaki Ch#t China ki
this pork is so raw its ramadan time muslims worship piggy
lets erect a memorial to all the americans murdered by an illegal alien make it 1,500 miles long 30 feet tall and put it on the southern border
what i leanred from any job is to never give 100% and never sacrifice your health nobody is gonna thank you ever and if you feel bad nobody will care
Double tap
dost toh sabko milte hain lekin chutiye dost naseeb walo ko milte hain BC!
kal early morning padhunga early morning:
it's not because you're muslim anti-semitic anti-america
i want a brain transplant change my mind
TEACHER:-tum dono ke answer same kyu h ME:- question bhi to same h   teacher me
Another fine day ruined by tinde and karele ki sabzi
तूने मेरी सिगरेट चुराई क्या ! ....आप भी तो बचपन में दादा जी की सिगरेट चुराते थे ! और जिस नगरी का राजा ही चोर हो वहा चोरी का कैसा दंड !.....बाप को रामायण का ज्ञान देता है ! रुक अभी तेरे प्राण निकालता हु दुस्ट !
life handed me lemons so i fucked them and gave them lemon-aids
Ajay GurJar @_lost_human__ Crush replied me after 17 days My friends: Lagta hai aapke pyaar me to gir gayi bhai
hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number i'll gas your baby
once you go black you don't go back
megha chakraborty Missjolkhabo 2020 is indeed full of surprises:
This could be us But tumhare liye Pokemon Wali T-shirt boht dhunda maine par mila nhi
my sister gave me this haircut after i fucked her
Nothing much Just a picture of ABD carrying #RCB
Another reason to watch PSL
me after sets new ringtone in my phone me from my mom's phone:
Aalu se sona kaise nikaloge? Matlab aisa bilkul immediate nahi soche hain but sochenge
1 st graders: rain rain go away come again another day rain: it's a simple spell but quite unbreakable
Electric Car Charging Point , Running On Diesel Generators!  Bsdk..JUST INDIAN THINGS
i donot feel safe in holi to mat khel
Bhaiya strugglers Dikhana Mere jaise
Mention A Friend Without Whom Your Life Is Incomplete!
woman takes adorable pregnancy announcment photos in a pasture with her horses
Me during a phone call - Talking planning how to end the conversation and cut the phone 
great things take time. never give up!
biwi bacche hain??Ji haan!!Naam batao toh BIWI-DAYA &BETA-TAPU woh toh duniya k liye hain.Apne liye koun hain BIWI-BABITA BETA-PINKU
Chetan Sakariya's mother talks about the pain of losing her second child to suicidse only a month ago,and the joy of Chetan's IPL contract worth 1.20 crore.
dilli in summers dilli in winters SCOOPWHOOP.com
teacher:this is the worst class, i have ever seen . I am leaving the class.
THAT FIGURE AND CURVES
Kyun Ruk Gaye na Desi Adult Trolls
when your mom refused to buy you color for Holi but now she can't find chillie powder. *your mom
you get 10 times more chicks than me? 10 times o is o
ae zindagi gala daba de
that look when you find out your husband isn't coming home from the mosque
hannah @i_lexxa bas itna perhna ha ka ek asa ghar khareed saku Translate Tweet Doc. @doctorkaun Funny that you think aise ghar parhayise kahreede ja skat hain
*lockdown extend* 1)ek mauka aur de raha hun! 2)is lockdown mein bhi single rahe toh lanat hai..LIFE IS GREAT
when your chrush calls you 'brother' friend be like: dard toh bohot hp raha hoga tujhe
गर्भवती पतनी की देखभाल करने आयी साली को प्रेम जाल में फसा किया प्रेगनेंट..मायके वालो ने रंगीन मिजाज़ जीजा को दौरा दौरा कर पीटा...*मायकेवाले 
famous astrologer & excellent predictor "Pandit jagannath guruji"predicts that ranbir kapoor &alia bhat are going to get married in 2022 can't wait to see this beautiful couple get married
this is a reason why i watch every NEWS
We live in a society where Ranbir is called as a fuck boy for having 3 bfs and this lady is face of Feminism & truth even after having 3+ BFs & 3 +SUGAR DADDIES
~Single me watching lizards rimancing on ceiling
best places to keep your money safe
Palat ! Palat !!!
Only 60% people will understand
thank god we grew up watching this Shakalaka BOOM BOOM not this BIG BOSS SCOOPWHOOP.com
Saif Ali khan is feeling loved with Kareena Kapoor Khan Taimur Ali Khan Taimur Ali Khan Link Please
when you run out of bras and have to hold the girls up on your own
2020 is indeed full of surprises:
6 Friends of mine Contributed Together and gave me this computer moniter on my birthday
then now ye delhi capitals walo ka kuch karna padega
* Binod who keeps commenting Binod on Youtube videos* Memers : Zinda pakadna hai Binod ko
after winning so many matches for the little master 'sunil gavaskar'makes his instagram debut..Let's take him to 100k followers today!
*me talking to my crush* my social skills:theek hai bhai  main chalta hoon
*TEACHER FARTS* , Toppers* AaaaAHHhh, kadak hai
arna padega
when your grandma sees you for the first time in a whole week he's so fucking big. me#irl
ONE WISE LIFE RELATIONSHIP NOW DAYS
how do they install these?
kya re Bhajpa Supporter Aise to mujhe bahut galiya deta hai par aaj meri yaad aa rahi hai na
Bengalis and Gujaratis after Durga Puja SCOOPWHOOP.com
First I fight for nation Then I do masturbation - Muthari Gandhi  @SWARAJAYA
what if i change my gender so i become the victim and not the rapist
Men will be Men!
if you're protesting against this man visiting the uk. ...but protesting for this woman to return to the uk.. ...then you're a special kind of stupid
lockdown ke baavjoot jb koi phone pe puche "kahan hai?" CHAND PE HAI APUN
Most beautiful women in the world!My mother
i am not 2nd option either u choose me or u lose me.
do you still suck dick? faggot
TU SIRF MERI HAI HAA SIRF TERI AUR MAI SABKA
when you start fingering yourself but your sister cums instead
Only college guys know the value of bag During 2 hour of lecture
When I remember that my future depends on me
dad me ab pure india ka sabse famous bachha ban gaya hu acha ! main nahi manta Kya dekh RHA hai Bhai ? baap se bakchodi thodi na karunga
WHEN YOU TREAT THEM LIKE FAMILY
when your phone have two sim cards but no network
when you friend vomits after having a few shots of neat
when you find a girl that accepts your holocaust fetish
Atharva gupte gupteatharva i think i have downloaded the wrong #AKvsAK movie
BC CALCULATION BHI TAB FAIL HO JATI HAI JAB '' EK ROTI MEIN PEIT BHAR GAYA KEHNE WALI LADKIYAAN 2 TIKKI AUR 20 GOLGAPPE KHA JATI HAI BAKCHOD BILLI Insta @BcbilliOfficial fb.com/BakchodBilli
The Day We All Have Been Waiting For Has Arrived - IPL Starts Today Today's Match Is - Best Vs Best - Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Mumbai Indian
padoswali aunty:-tera beta bahut pubg khelta hai my mom:khelne de na tere bete jaisa tiktok pe chutiyapanti toh nahi karta hai le me:-
When anyone ask me-: itna Gali kyun dete ho? do teen din nahi Diya tha na, khoon ki ulti ho gyi thiiiii
the pic you see.the struggle you don't.
RCB to their trollers after today's match *Trollers Ek match harne p kya bola tha? RCB is back in their original form?
border agents in texas aprehend over 400 span. in just 5- minutes illegals we know we have an issue with illegal immigration but how can we fix this and not separate families
Bacho,ye batao?sanya mirza kon h?MAM,she's a tennis player. Very Good,ab batao sunny leone kon h?MAM, T ki jagah P laga do.
When a lawyer talks in English in District Court. People:America ka Dalal BahinChod
Girl's whatsApp DP whatsApp video call.
Rising the temperature Seductive Shraddha Das
Papa ke sath call par tha friends "cigrette paas kar bhai" chilla diye
I don't care how old I am, I need these super hero night lights!
when you plug in the charger but forgot to switch it on.
"IPL got postponed meanwhile dhoni fans waiting for his farewell match be like;
The guy is playing for both teams,and he's also watching himself from the stands
duniya pe hoga mea raaj Ye toh apna Raju hai re baba..Bola tha na babu bhaiya,ye Raju paiso ke liye kuch bhi kar sakta hai..
Being the tallest boy in the class. Expectations: Reality:
Black clouds give me the best feeling ever
when you find out the girl you like doesn't like dank memes "got me fucked up" "i bet she wipes back to front" "what a thot" "that foolish hoe" "i hope she die"
how it used to feel playing PUBG with royal pass players
How women look at a man… younger than them   same age…older than them  How men look at a woman.. Younger than them  same age older than them.
happy birthday baby girl i hope you like the gift
Fake News haath jod kar gujarish hai aapse,dur rahiye mere Abba se
neeche se topper neechesetopper #Article370 "tu bass ek ek karke film banata ja, script main deta jaunga har mahine"
me after fighting with my best friend ab kya karunga mai mana chutiya hai wo magar hai to best friend Missing You Aaj rahne deta hu shayad mana le mujhe warna kal khud sorry bol ke manana pdega use
i just saw a dream was i a part of it? Yes. Then it must be a good one.
T H O R @tforThor me and bois going for toffee distribution in my school on my birthday
THE LUCKY GROOM A BIOPICK OF BACCHAN
Find someone who holds your hand like Delhi police  after arresting you.
I love this man i'm from EI Salvodor and i love u. im from india
importance of doing squart daily desi adult troll
Agar tum mil jao kamana chod denge hum
Me on social media "Ask Me a Question"Me during Viva
follow the best adult inspiration trolls page in india liked and noticed by many celebs share like comment
BC iss painting se acchi toh Apne Majnu bhai ki painting thi
how it started how its going
SMELL TASTE ABILITY TO ERASE
me as your husband
Yeh Riya kon hai? Aap ki Ex ki beti aur meri Girl Friend Aaj nahi marunga
fuck dark, explain what was thala doing here
most of the boys weaknesses
a real man... loads the dishwasher every night!!
don't care for those who are ignoring you care fro those who are ignoring others for you
@indian.made arab swag :p
Elon Mosque @Tanzeelbh me trying to figure out why we closed schools on 116 cases but are reopening on 16433 cases.
ONE WISE LIFE STOP EXPECTING LOYALTY FROM SOMEONE WHO CAN'T EVEN GIVE YOU HONESTY.
aapko right turn lene aata hai?haan haan leliye aage bolo!!nahi lena tha
BC ladko ke pass girlfriend hai aur mere pass ek ye page hai JISME SABKI GIRLFRIEND HAI
Found this K-Pop fan birds and they are kinda cute
बॉलीवुड......फिजिक्स ….meri vidya ka majak uda rahi ho tum 
I LOVE YOU BABE DAARU CHHOD SAKTE HO MERE LIYE HAAN CHHOD DUNGA JO INSAAN DAARU CHHODH SAKTA H WO KISIKO BHI CHHODH SKTA H...GET LOST BC FB/RealBcBilli      
driver: "what am i supposed to do with this speeding ticket?" .co " officer: "keep it, when you collect four of them, you get a bicycle."
please swallow mere pyar ka ras zara chakhna oye makhna !
i will kill this white man ooo wwe fans
when you realize tomorrow is monday
imagine, if you will an entire country so ignorant that the people wilfully give billions of dollars in order to elect rich criminals to rule over their lives and steal their money, but believe they are free
you can use bat, hockey sticks to take out couples you can also do a drive by beat down the coupleYou can use bat hockey sticks to take out couples.You can also do a drive by beat down the couples
me after 48 hours of relationship
hello,obama is speaking aaj se tumhara naam OM BABA
Janta voting for BJP Janta voting for Congress BJP forming the government SCOOPWHOOP.com
Animal lovers in Mirzapur series Hirni Lover Sher Lover ANIKET PATEL Dog Lovers
chinata na karo,didi pohoch gayi hai
when the black kids start fighting at school
when my autistic son finds out we're having chicken for dinner
all these people where arressted in pakistan for not maintaining socail distancing
you know the macarena by heart
Me,My Girlfriend and her Bestie one day
Sushant singh rajput's this T-shirt had more IQ than whole of the starkids combined.
9:00 good morning sir 9:01 11:00 thankyou sir
Amount Donated by YouTubers 10lakh 5lakh 3lakh Amount Donated by TikTokers Atul Shaw Chakke dua dete hai paise nhi
the smart kid's method the teacher's method
And 251 others me:she is beautiful..best friend.:what the fuck is beautiful in her!!!
The Times of India On April 28, a family had to shell out Rs 82,000 for a 7km ride from KPHB road no. 1 to Hi-Tec City graveyard for the last rites of a 47-year-old man who succumbed to Covid-19 END OF HUMANITY
Mango Shake Banana Shake Ganne ka juice Nimbu Pani
He had two phones,1 for Uber/Ola & 1 for streaming! I asked why so?He said,apne  kaam se kaam rakho .Idhar koi motivational tweet ka material nahi hai.
When you go to Nani house during summer vacation. Other cousins waiting for you : 
Humans:*never left solar system* Also humans: Miss Universe
crush hota sabke pas hai par milta kisi ko nahi
I'm a simple man I see booty I hit like
what do you call a mexican without a car? carlos
Canada Serea Leone Bahamas Ethiopia
they still think i'm not a muslim they still think i'm a chick
i remember when your mom dropped you off to school she got a fine for littering
Friend :Why don't you ever post full body pics?Me:
when yo girls says she's out with her friends but her friends are with you
a gorilla dreaming that she was kim burrell
you ..the guy she told you not to worry about
most meaningful picture get well soon buddy!
12th CBSE students whose exams got postponed but not cancelled
In which class ? Do you fell in love?
Inviligators checking before the exam @djwaleybabu
